Jerry: So you didn't ask? 
George: No, I froze. 
Jerry:  Counter.    
George: Oh yeah. So wait, wait. A half-hour later I'm back in the office,  I tell Lloyd the whole story. He says "So why don't you call her". I says "I  can't." I couldn't, I couldn't do it right then. For me to ask a woman out I  gotta get into a mental state like the karate guys before they break the bricks.  So Lloyd calls me a wuss. 
Jerry: He said wuss? 
George: Yeah. Anyway, he shamed me into it. 
Jerry: So you called.  
George: Right. And, and to cover my nervousness I started eating an apple,  because I think if they hear you chewing on the other end of the phone, it  makes you sound casual. 
Jerry: Yeah, like a farm boy. 
George: Right. So I call her up, I tell her it's me, she gives me an  enthusiastic 'Hi!' 
Jerry: Wow. Enthusiastic 'Hi!', that's beautiful. 
George: Oh, I don't get the enthusiastic 'Hi!', I'm outta there. 
Jerry: Alright, so you're chewing your apple, you got your enthusiastic  'Hi!' Go ahead. 
George: So, we're talking, and I don't like to go too long before I ask them  out, I wanna get it over with right away, so I just blurt out "What are you  doing Saturday night?" 
Jerry: And? 
George: She bought. 
Jerry: Great day in the morning. 
George: Then I got off the phone right away. 
Jerry: Sure, it's like robbing a bank: you don't loiter around in front of  the teller holding that big bag of money. You come in, you hit and get out. 
George: It's amazing: we, we both have dates on the same night. I can't  remember the last time that happened.     George's car, parked outside apartment building, night. George and his date 
Carol: 
George: I can't stand doing laundry. That's why I have forty pairs of  underwear. 
Carol: You do not. 
George: Absolutely. Because instead of doing a wash, I just keep buying  underwear. My goal is to have over three hundred and sixty pair. That way, I  only have to do wash once a year.       Jerry's car, also parked outside an apartment building. Jerry and his  girlfriend Donna: 
Jerry:  Come on, try it. Let me hear you try  a Scottish accent. 
Donna: That's Irish. 
Jerry: Irish, Scottish, what's the difference, lassie?       Back to George and Carol: 
Donna: So, er, thanks for dinner. It was great. 
George: Yeah. We should do this again. 
Donna: Would you like to come upstairs for some coffee? 
George: Oh, no, thanks. I can't drink coffee late at night, it keeps me up. 
Donna:  So, um, OK. 
George: OK. 
Donna: Goodnight. 
George: Yeah, take it easy.       Back to Jerry and Donna: 
Donna: Thanks again for the movie. 
Jerry: You're welcome. 
Donna: I'd invite you up, but the place is being painted. 
Jerry: Oh, that's OK. 
Donna: Unless you want to go to your place. 
Jerry: OK, but there's no cake or anything, if that's what you're looking  for.     Back to George, driving, looking frustrated: 
George: Take it easy, huh, take it easy.     Jerry's apartment. Jerry and Donna sit on the sofa: 
Jerry: I think if one's going to kill oneself, the least you could do is  leave a note - it's common courtesy. I don't know, that's just the way I was  brought up. 
Donna: Values are very important. 
Jerry: Oh, so important. So what are you doing Thursday night - you wanna  have dinner? 
Donna: Thursday's great.  
Jerry:  Tan pants. Why do I buy tan pants, Donna? I  don't feel comfortable in them. 
Donna: Are those Cotton Dockers? 
Jerry: Oh, I can't begin to tell you how much I hate that commercial. 
Donna: Really? I like that commercial.  
Jerry: You like that commercial? 
Donna: Yeah, it's clever. 
Jerry: Now wait a second, you mean the one where the guys are all standing  around, supposedly being very casual and witty? 
Donna: Yeah, that's the one. 
Jerry: What could you possibly like about that? 
Donna: I don't know, I like the guys. 
Jerry: Yeah, they're so funny and so comfortable with each other, and I  could be comfortable too, if I had pants like that. I could sit on a porch and  wrestle around, and maybe even be part of a real bull session. 
Donna: Hey, I know guys like that. To me the dialogue rings true. 
Jerry:  Even if the dialogue did ring true. Even if  somehow somewhere men actually talk like that, what does that have to do with  the pants? Doesn't that bother you? 
Donna:  That's the idea. That's what's clever about  it, that they're not talking about the pants. 
Jerry: But they're talking about nothing. 
Donna: That's the point. 
Jerry: I know the point. 
Donna: No one is telling you to like it. 
Jerry: I mean, all those quick shots of the pants, just pants, pants,  pants, pants, pants, pants, pants. What is that supposed to be?       Jerry monologue:  What's brutal about the date is the scrutiny that you put each other  through. Because whenever you think about this person in terms of the future,  you have to magnify everything about them. You know, like the guy'll be like  'I don't think her eyebrows are even. Could I look at uneven eyebrows for the  rest of my life?' And of course the woman's looking at the guy, thinking 'What  is he looking at? Do I want somebody looking at me like this for the rest of my  life?'     Jerry's apartment, day. Jerry and Elaine: 
Jerry: I'm supposed to see her again on Thursday, but can I go out with  someone who actually likes this commercial? 
Elaine: I once broke up with a guy because he didn't keep his bathroom clean  enough. 
Jerry: No kidding. Did you tell him that was the reason? 
Elaine: Oh yeah, I told him all the time. You would not have believed his 
tub: germs were building a town in there - they were constructing offices.  Houses near the drain were going for $150,000.   
Elaine: Hi.   
Jerry: You're still thinking about this? 
George:  She invites me up at twelve o clock at  night, for coffee. And I don't go up. "No thank you, I don't want coffee, it  keeps me up. Too late for me to drink coffee." I said this to her. People  this stupid shouldn't be allowed to live. I can't imagine what she must think  of me. 
Jerry: She thinks you're a guy that doesn't like coffee. 
George: She invited me up. Coffee's not coffee, coffee is sex. 
Elaine: Maybe coffee was coffee. 
George: Coffee's coffee in the morning, it's not coffee at twelve o clock at  night. 
Elaine: Well some people drink coffee that late. 
George: Yeah, people who work at NORAD, who're on twenty-four hour missile  watch. Everything was going along so great: she was laughing, I was funny. I  kept saying to myself "Keep it up, don't blow it, you're doing great." 
Elaine: It's all in your head. All she knows is she had a good time. I  think you should call her. 
George: I can't call her now, it's too soon. I'm planning a Wednesday call. 
Elaine: Oh, why? I love it when guys call me the next day. 
George: Of course you do, but you're imagining a guy you like, not a guy who  goes  "Oh no, I don't drink coffee late at night." If I call  her now, she's gonna think I'm too needy.  Women don't wanna see need. They want a take-charge guy - a colonel, a  kaiser, a tsar. 
Elaine: All she'll think is that you like her. 
George: Yes, she wants me to like her, if she likes me, but she doesn't like  me! 
Elaine: I don't know what your parents did to you.   
Kramer: Hey, I just thought of a really funny thing for your act. Alright,  you're up there, you're on the stage and you go "Hey, you ever notice how cars  here in New York, they never get out of the way of ambulances anymore.  Someone's in a life-and-death situation, and we're thinking 'Well, sorry buddy,  you should've thought of that when you were eating cheese omelettes and sauages  for breakfast every morning for the last thirty years.'" So you gonna use it? 
Jerry: I don't think so. 
Kramer: It's funny. 
Elaine: It is funny. 
Kramer: That's as good as anything you do. 
George: Alright, I gotta make a call. Everybody out, come on. 
Jerry: Why do we have to leave? 
George: Because I can't call a woman with other people in the room. Come  on, let's go. 
Elaine: Oh, see, this is the problem. 
Jerry: You're kicking me out of my house? 
George: Yes. 
Elaine: Don't forget. 
George: Oh Jerry, do you have any apples? 
Jerry: Don't do the apples. That's enough already with the apples.   
Phone: Hi, it's Carol, I 'll get back to you.  
George: Uhm, hi, it's George, George Costanza, remember me? The guy that  didn't come up for coffee.  You see, I didn't realise that coffee didn't really mean ... well,  whatever. Anyway, it was fun. It was, erm, it was fun, so, oh boy, uhm, so,  you call me back. If you want, it's up to you, you know, whatever you wanna do.  Either way. The ball's in your court. So, er, take it easy.   
Jerry: I'm just gonna get my jacket, I'll meet you downstairs. What's the  matter, did you call?   
George: Got her machine. I'm dead, I'm a dead man. That's it. I'm dead,  I'm a dead man. Dead man. 
Jerry: What did you say? 
George: I don't know what the hell I said. I gave her an ultimatum and  there's nothing I can do. It's a machine. The little light is blinking right 
now: 'Come and listen to the idiot. Hey everybody, the idiot's on!' 
Jerry: After one date you try and improvise on her machine? 
George: Now I'm in the worst position of all. 
Elaine: Y'know, my brother-in-law once left a message on this guy's machine,  and he blurted out some business information he wasn't supposed to, and it would  have cost him $15,000, so he waited outside the guy's house and when the guy  came home he went upstairs with him and he switched the tape. 
George: He did that? 
Elaine: Yeah. 
George: Somebody did that? 
Jerry: She'll call you back. You're overreacting.     Jerry's apartment. Jerry and Donna: 
Jerry: Not once. 
Donna: Never? 
Jerry: I have never seen one episode of 'I Love Lucy' in my life ever. 
Donna: That's amazing. 
Jerry: Thank you. 
Donna: Is there anything else about you I should know? 
Jerry: Yes, I'm lactose intolerant. 
Donna: Really? 
Jerry: I have no patience for lactose. And I won't stand for it. Uhm,  I'll be right back.  
George: Wait till you hear this  
Donna: Wait, wait. He's in the bathroom. 
George: I just wanted to talk to him for a minute, but I'll come back. 
Donna: You don't have to leave. 
George: You sure? 
Donna: Yes. 
George: OK. 
Donna: I'm Donna. 
George: Donna. Oh, you're the one that likes that commercial! 
Donna: He told you about that. 
George: No, he, he didn't actually tell me that, uh, we were talking about  that commercial, in fact I think I brought it up because I like that commercial.  No, he, he would never tell me anything like that. He never discusses anything.  He's, he's like a clam. You're not gonna mention this, to him..  
Donna:  So you go around telling your friends I'm not hip  because I like that commercial. 
Jerry: What?  What did, what did you say? 
George: Say? What? Nothing, I.. 
Donna: You told him how I like the commercial. 
Jerry: Well, so what if I said that? 
Donna: Well, so, you didn't have to tell your friends. 
Jerry: No, I had to tell my friends, my friends didn't have to tell you. 
George:  Why did you have to get me in trouble? 
Donna: I don't like you talking about me with your friends behind my back. 
George: Boy oh boy. 
Jerry: I said I couldn't believe you liked that commercial. So what? 
Donna: I asked some friends of mine this week, and all of them liked the  commercial. 
Jerry: Boy, I bet you got a regular Algonquin round table there.    K Hey. 
Jerry: Oh, Kramer, this is Donna.  k Oh. Cotton Dockers! 
George: Hello! Alright, we should be going. Come on .  k What? Where are we going? 
George: Come on! 
Donna: Don't bother, I'm leaving. 
Jerry: Donna, really, you're making too much of this.  K One hundred percent Cotton Dockers, if they're not Dockers, they're just  pants! 
Jerry: Please, Donna. 
Donna: I don't wanna hear it. 
George: I can't believe I said that. You know me, I'm a vault. 
Jerry: Don't worry about it, it wasn't working anyway.  k What happened there? 
Jerry: I'll tell you later. 
George: You are not gonna believe what's going on with this woman.        Monk's Diner. George and Jerry sat in booth: 
George: OK, so you remember I made the initial call Sunday, she doesn't call  back. I call again Monday, I leave another message. I call Tuesday, I get the  machine again: "I know you're there, I don't know what your story is."  Yesterday, I'm a volcano - I try one more call, the machine comes on, and fly  like Mussolini from the balcony- "Where the hell do you get the nerve? You  invite me up for coffee and then you don't call me back for four days? I don't  like coffee, I don't have to come up. I'd like to get one more shot at the  coffee just so I could spit it in your face." 
Jerry: You said that? 
George: I lost it. 
Jerry: I can't blame you. I can't believe she never called you back. 
George: She did. Today. 
Jerry: What? 
George: She called my office. She said she's been in the Hamptons since  Sunday. She didn't know if I was trying to get in touch with her. Her machine  broke, and she's been using her old machine and she doesn't have the beeper for  it. 
Jerry: So she didn't get the messages. 
George: Exactly, but they're on there waiting. She said she can't wait to  see me, we're having dinner tonight. She's supposed to call me as soon as she  gets home. 
Jerry: But what about the messages?   
Jerry: Elaine's thing? How you gonna get in? 
George: I'll meet her outside the building. 
Jerry: But you know as soon as she gets in the apartment she's going right  for that machine. 
George: Or she goes for the bathroom. That's my only chance. Who am I  kidding? I can't do this, I can't do this. I don't even know how to work those  stupid machines. 
Jerry: There's nothing to it. You lift the lid, it comes right out. 
George: You do it for me. 
Jerry: What? 
George: Come on, it'll be so much easier. 
Jerry: How you gonna get me up there? 
George: I'll tell her I bumped into you, I'm giving you a ride uptown. 
Jerry: And who makes the switch? 
George: You do. 
Jerry: I do. 
George: I can't do it. I'll, I'll keep her busy. 
Jerry: I can't get involved in this. 
George: I think I may be in love with this woman. 
Jerry: What if she sees me? 
George: Oh, you are such a wuss. 
Jerry: A wuss? 
George: Yeah. 
Jerry: Did you call me a wuss?     Outside apartment building, night. George and Jerry are sat on a low wall: 
George: Well there is traffic. It might take her till eight-fifteen. 
Jerry: I got one problem: you're keeping her busy in the other room. Now,  what if she somehow gets away from you and is coming in? You have to signal me  that she's coming. 
George: A signal, right, erm, OK, er OK, the signal is, I'll call out 'Tippy  toe!' 
Jerry: 'Tippy Toe?' I don't think so. 
George: You don't like 'Tippy toe?' 
Jerry: No 'Tippy toe.' 
George: Alright, er, OK I got it, erm, I'll sing. 
Jerry: What song? 
George: Erm, 'How do you solve a problem like Maria?' 
Jerry: What is that? 
George: Oh, it's a lovely song.  How do you solve a problem like  Maria? 
Jerry: Anything else? 
George: You pick it. 
Jerry: 'Lemon Tree' 
George: Peter, Paul and Mary. 
Jerry: No, Trini Lopez. 
Both:  Lemon tree very pretty and a lemon flower 
George: You got the tape? 
Jerry:  Standard. Micro. 
George: How do you feel? Confident? 
Jerry: Feel good. 
George: You nervous? 
Jerry: Not at all. 
George: Get up, get up, it's her. Oh, the hell with this, I'm scared to  death, just walk away, it's off, cancel everything, go!   
George: Hey! What are you doing here? I thought I was supposed to call you  when I got home. 
George: I, I couldn't wait. I was too anxious to see you. 
Carol: Oh, that's so sweet. 
George: Oh, this is my friend, Jerry Seinfeld. I just bumped into him  around the corner. Isn't that a coincidence? The funny thing is, I see him all  the time. 
Jerry: All the time. 
Carol: It's nice to meet you. 
Jerry: Hi. 
Carol: So, I'm starving. Where are we gonna eat? 
George: You know, we could go uptown, and that way we could give Jerry a  ride home. 
Carol: OK. Let's go, I'm ready, where'd you park? 
George: Don't you wanna go upstairs first? 
Carol: No, what for? I'll just give my bag to the doorman. 
Jerry: You know, I really need to use the bathroom. 
Carol: Oh well there's a bathroom in the coffee shop just next door. 
George: Yes, yes, but er, I have to make a call, so... 
Carol: Well they have a phone.   
George: I know Jerry. He has this phobia about public toilets. I think we  really should go upstairs. 
Carol:  You know, I think I will go upstairs. I can check my  machine. 
George: Right, right.       Inside Carol's apartment. Carol, Jerry and George enter: 
Carol: The bathroom's on the hall to the right. 
Jerry: Er, you know, why don't you go first, you just had a long trip. 
Carol: No, I'm fine. 
Jerry: Uhmmm, you know, it's the damnedest thing, it went away. 
Carol: Oh that's weird. 
George: No, no that can happen. I've, er, I've read about that in medical  journals. It's a freak thing, but... 
Carol: Well, let me just check my messages, and we'll go. 
George: Uh, Carol, can I talk to you for a second? Right now. 
Carol: Sure. 
George: Please, this is very, very important.  
George:  
Carol:  Now I know who you are. You're a comedian. I've seen  you, it's driving me crazy. 
Jerry: Right. I am. 
George: Carol, that's so rude. Please, I'm serious, just for a moment, if  you wouldn't mind, and then we'll talk to Jerry.   
Jerry:  
Carol: That's what you had to tell me? Your father wears sneakers in the  pool? 
George:  Don't you find that strange? 
Jerry: Yes. 
Carol: Well, I'll just check my machine and we'll go. No, nothing here,  let's go. Oh, I forgot to tell you. After I talked to you today my neighbour  called me and played my messages to me over the phone. 
George: Oh, uhhh... 
Carol: Yours were hilarious, we were both cracking up. I just love jokes  like that.   "I  told him!"