Repairman: .....The gaskets that you have here are asymmetrical.

Jerry: Ah..ha!.. really.

Repairman: So I took off the motor relay on the compressor....'cos you..you you've got some discoloration

Jerry: Oh! well whatever you have to do.

Repairman: I was working with one.....mount at a time 'cos you don't wanna disturb the position of the compressor.

Jerry: No you don't..

George: Hey! what are listening to?

Jerry: My show from last night.

George: Oh! you taped it?

Jerry: Yeah , I was doing new material.

George: Hey! Did 'ya ever do that thing on the toes that I said .

Jerry: Huh?

George: Yeah! like the big toe is like the captain of the toes, but sometimes the toe next to the big toe gets so big that there's like a power struggle and the second toe assumes control of the foot.

Jerry: The "coup d-toe"

George: Yeah. Did you do it?

Jerry: Yeah!

George: So?

Jerry: Nothin'.....nothing at all.

George: Need to use the phone.

Jerry: Who you calling?

George: China.

Jerry: China really?

George: Yeah. I'll pay for it.

Jerry: What for?

George: What for? . I'll tell you what for.... for hair.

Jerry: Hair?

George: The Chinese have done it my friend . The Chinese have done it.

Jerry: Done what?

George: Discovered a cure for baldness.

Repairman: Did you see that last night?

George: It was on CNN. This Chinese doctor Zeng Zau. He has discovered a cure for baldness.

Jerry: What's this?

Kramer: Well I just got it. Spector gave it to me , he's giving everything away...becoming a minimalist.

George: Is that the guy who likes fat women?

Jerry: Doesn't the fat fetish conflict with the minimalism.

Kramer: You , you know what you should've done is watching that report on CNN last night.

George: I did, I'm trying to call China.

Kramer: You can't call China now its like, what, three 'O clock in the morning there

Jerry; Oh! my God!....

George: What?

Jerry: Oh! God.. Oh! man.....Oh! brother!!! I can't believe what I'm hearing. This woman his talking to me on my tape recorder while I was on stage. This is wild. I've never heard anything like this in my life. Listen to this.

George: Oh! my god...

Kramer: Give me it...

George: Wa..Wait.Wait!......Who is this woman?

Jerry: I don't know . I have no idea . I was just listening and she came on.

George: This is like a Penthouse letter...Why can't I meet women like this?

Kramer: All right Come on....again attempts to pull headphones off)

George: WAIT ,WAIT, WAIT, WAIT!!!!.... Where was the tape recorder?

Jerry: It was in the back of the room on the left, she must have been sitting right in front of it.

George: My god!!!

Kramer: C'mon it's my turn.

George: All right, All right, all, right!! How you gonna find out who this is?

Jerry: Good question.

Kramer: Where's the volume... A, YAI..YA...YA..YA!!!!

George: What do the Chinese have to gain by faking a cure for baldness?

Jerry: If it was real ,they would never let it out of the country. No baldness , it'd be like a nation of Supermen.

Elaine: Hi boys.

Both: Hello...

Elaine: What's happening?

Jerry: Tell her. I wanna hear her reaction.

George: This woman left this really sexy message on Jerry's tape recorder......

Jerry: NOT THAT YOU IDIOT!!

George: What??

Jerry: The Chinese , the Chinese bald cure.

George: I thought you meant the..

Jerry: No I meant the bald cure. We were talking about the bald cure.

Elaine: What did she say?

Peter: Seinfeld.....

Jerry: Hey! Is that Peter? ...I can't believe it. Get me a cup of Decaf.

Elaine: So did you hear this message?

George: Oh!, he he, It was unbelievable

Elaine: Really!

George: Yeah. I can't get over it.

Elaine: Huh! Sexy?

George: This woman drove us out of our minds

Elaine: Like ...humm...How did she sound?

George: She had this throaty , sexy kind of whisper.

Elaine: Really , like a... like a.... Jerry, I want to slide my tongue around you like a snake.....Ooooooooooha ,oooooohaaaa.....

George: Oh! my God!!......You?.....You?...That was you?....

Elaine: Shhhhhh!!!

George: how did ya?...

Elaine: I stopped at the club to see him and I was standing in the back while he was on, right?, and there was this tape recorder there and I.....got this impulse. Ha Ha Ha Ha....What?

George: Oh! no no nothing....

Elaine: Now listen , promise me you won't tell him Okay.I want to have a little fun with this.

George: I had no Idea you were filled with such....sexuality..

Elaine: Oh! That was nothing. So listen, what about this bald thing?

George: Ah! Some bald thing, a bald thing I dunno. It's nothing

Jerry: Remember Peter?

George: Peter?

Jerry: You remember Peter. remember I told you how he went to the track that one time and he was yelling at this jockey and the jockey got off the horse and started chasin' him.

Elaine: So listen , what about this girl on the tape recorder?

Jerry: Oh Elaine....What do you think an enraptured female fan of mine might say?

Elaine: I don't know.

Jerry: She went on in some detail about certain activities, illegal in some states, for consenting adults. Things you would know very little about.

Elaine: Oh! really.

Jerry: Well this type of things is very common when you're in show business.

Elaine: So what, Are you gonna ask her out.

Jerry: No I can't she didn't leave her name or number.

Elaine: Bummer...Okay , good luck finding her . I'm taking off.

George: Wh.. Where you going?

Elaine: Home.

George: Why you going home for?

Elaine: Well , I just came from the gym , unless I can shower at your place.

Jerry: Sure.

George: Oh! my god. Oh! man...

Jerry: I don't get it. Why would a woman do that and then leave no way to get in touch with her.

Elaine: May be she realized she could never have you and she jumped off the George Washington Bridge.

George: Operator? Beijing?

Jerry: Why are you doing this?

George: Why do I do anything? tsss...For women.

Jerry: Elaine have you ever gone out with a bald man?

Elaine: No.

Jerry: You know what that makes you?...A baldist.

George: Oh. This I need. Hello!! Hello. i..i..is this the hair restoration clinic? ...Does anyone speak English?

Elaine: Ooooh! You're taping.

Kramer: Just be yourselves.

Elaine: Aah! Okaaay.

Kramer: Well we're talking with Elaine Benes; Adult film star on the set of her new picture "Elaine does the Upper West side"

Elaine: Hi. How 're you doin'?

Kramer: I'm doin' fine.

George: Do you speak English?...English!!

Kramer: Whooooa! here's the director Jerry Seinfeld . Jerry , you discovered Elaine Benes?

Jerry: Well yes I did that's true. A couple of a guys I knew in the coastguard told me about her.... and I sensed

that she had the anger and intensity that I needed to make this film work.

George: English. Does anybody speak English .Nobody speaks English.

Kramer: So What scene are you ready to shoot now , Elaine?

George: In this scene my co-star who's right over here. Follow meeeee... is George Costanza, he plays an airline pilot who's just returned from Rome and I'm about to show him how much I've missed him.

Kramer: That's my Chinese food...So George is this your first movie with Elaine?

George: I...I..I dunno.

Kramer: So Elaine in your movies is the sex real or is it simulated?

Elaine: Oh. it's always simulated....except with George that's in my contract.

George: All right, Kramer that's it.... Hello . English. Does anyone speak English

Kramer: How much do I owe you?

Ping: $15.90.

Kramer: $15.90?

George: Huh. Excuse me Hum... Do you speak chinese?

Ping: Chinese....Yeah.

George: Look...humm..I'm on with Beijing with the hair restauration clinic. Could you talk to them for me and tell them I'd like to place an order.

Ping: Gwen , Ayon. Wonche son thai gettin my chon fai yu.

George: They got a billion people over there and he found a relative.

Ping: Ah Fuka suma. If you send money they send cream.

George: They send me? Aw right ..ask 'em Does it really work?

Ping: Gym a gun sen tokomo. Chin che .They say you grow hair, Look a like Stalin

George: Ask' em Are there any side effects?

Ping: Dowe o futo yum.... Impotence. ....

George: Aw! Funny he's a funny guy.

Ping: Get a money order from the Bank of China , be here three days after they get check.

George leaves all excited.

Ping: Ha Pachini fair pousher pousher mouist I fai chin fousher...

Jerry: ...S'cuse me... Kind of an expensive call.

Elaine: Thanks for driving me home. What did I do to deserve this?

George: Yoohoo ,Plenty......Wh..wh..what are doing hum...you're going in?

Elaine: Well ya. I guess so Why? You wanna do something?

George: yeah....euh...I dunno What?

Elaine: Pffft....there's really nothing to do.

George: Yeah.....

Elaine: Do you think of anything?..

George: No, no....

Elaine: I am up for anything.

George: Really......I have to say...You were really good doing that porno thing....you're talented.

Elaine: I was just kiddin, around.......

George: I thought the thing you said about the sex not being simulated . That was really funny.

Elaine: Yeah! that was a...f...fun ..mmm?.

George; So all right I'll speak to you through Jerry and everything.

Elaine: Okay...Thanks a lot for the ride.

Jerry: ..She was sitting at the table where I had my tape recorder...Okay great. Thanks again.. bye. HA Ha... Who do these women think they're dealing with? Did she think she was gonna leave this incredibly erotic message on my tape and I was just gonna let it go. Not Bloody likely...

Kramer: What is that?

Jerry: That's my cockney accent.

Kramer: Naw ,na , that's no good.

Jerry: Lets hear yours.

Kramer: Not bloody likely..

Jerry: That's the worst cockney accent I've ever heard in my life. Hey! Georgie boy , guess what I got.

George; Guess, what I got.

Jerry: Oh! Is that the bald stuff?

George: From China. All the way from China.

Kramer: Wait,wait wait...Let me get the camera.

George: No Don't get the camera , we don't need the camera. Listen I know your skeptical , but I really believe in the Chinese.

Jerry: Yes I am skeptical.

George: Why do you have to be so suspicious of every one. This is a great man Zeng Zau, he wants to help bald people.

Kramer: W..W..Wa...Wa..Wait..Wait wait.. Now lets videotape your head for the before picture, so we can watch how it grows and stuff. Sit down.....Lean back...A little bit to the right.

Jerry: Make sure you get this area here, where he needs the help....

George: All right, all right

Kramer: He's a happy camper huh?

Jerry: Happy camper , I don't hear that expression enough.

Kramer; Remember that guy who took my jacket. The one I found at my mother's house.

Jerry: Yeah.

Kramer: My mother told me that he got arrested for mail fraud

Jerry: No kidding?

Kramer: He's in jail.

Jerry: What happened to the jacket. Did he take it with him?

Kramer: That's what I intend to find out.

Jerry: You can see it. You gonna walk around like that?

Kramer: It stinks. Can you smell that?....You stink.

Jerry: How long are you suppose to leave it on for?

George: All day.

Jerry: Hello.

Elaine: It's Elaine Marie Benes.

Jerry: Well Hello..

Elaine: Hello.. so did you ever find out who that woman was?

Jerry: Yes , I got her number.

George: Is that Elaine?

Jerry: Yeah.

George: HI ELAINE...

Elaine: I guess you figure you're in for a pretty wild night?

Jerry: Well , as I said this type of thing is very common in show business

Elaine: Well listen I'm going to... do you want me to stop by?

George: Did she say Hello?

Jerry: What? I dunno.

George: I mean , when I said Hello did she say Hello back?

Jerry: I don't know , Who keeps track of Hellos.

George: Isn't polite to say Hello when somebody says hello?

Jerry: She's coming up.

George: Elaine's coming up?

Jerry: Yeah. What's wrong, why?

Kramer: How often do you cut your toe nails?

Jerry: I would say every two and a half to eight weeks.

Kramer: 'cos the other night , you know, I was sleeping with Marion I rolled over and I cut her ankle with my big toe.

Jerry: The big toe; The captain.

Kramer: What?

Jerry; The captain of the toes. Hello.

Elaine: Jerry...Jerry listen I got too much stuff this afternoon, I can't come over, forget it.

Jerry: Okay....too bad.

Elaine: So humm....When you gonna call her?

Jerry: Soon as I get off the phone wih you.

Elaine: Good luck.

Jerry: okay , bye. What happened , did you take it off?

George: Yeah, that was enough.

Jerry: That's it, you gave up?

George: No No I'm working on a system...Who was that?

Jerry: That was Elaine , she changed her mind. She's not coming over.

Alicia: Hello.

Jerry: Hello is this Alicia? This is Jerry Seinfeld.

Alicia: Yeah.

jerry: This is Jerry Seinfeld.

Cuts to commercial. Back to Jerry's after an implied date with Alicia

Jerry: Hahaha, everything's nice and at the end of the night I go for a little contact. I get the PULL BACK. This woman said the filthiest things I've ever heard in my life. I get the Pull Back.

Jerry: Yeah..

George: It's George.

Jerry: Come on up ...What's he doing here now?

Kramer: So , you blew it?

Jerry: She must be psychotic or something.

Kramer: Let me have her number.

Jerry: I'm not giving you her number.

Kramer: I know how to handle these psychotics.

George comes in wearing a huge cowboy hat.

Jerry: Sheriff?........What's with the hat?

Kramer: Pheeewwww! Boy! You stink.

Jerry: What are doing here now?

George: I have to talk to you about something .

Kramer: All right lets take a look to see what we got... Wait a second... I think I see something here George. Lets go to the videotape.

George: Aahh..No..No..

Jerry: What's up?

George: I can't tell ya now , he's gonna be back in a ten seconds.

Jerry: So just start it.

George: I can't.

Jerry: Oh! Come om . He'll be over there for a half hour, he gets lost over there. C'mon so what is this about?

George: All right.........I've become attracted to Elaine..

Kramer burst in with is video setup.

Kramer; All right....Sit down George.

George: Kramer, can we do this later..

Kramer: No, I got the tape right here.

Jerry: Kramer, let's do this later.

Kramer: Now.. This is the tape that we made earlier and I think ,that I see. a couple of buds right here.

George: Really? ..You think.

Jerry: Kramer. I would like to talk to George for a minute, please.

Kramer: 'bout what?

Jerry: It's kinda private.

Kramer: Like the big toe captain..

George: So now you're doing my bits?

Jerry: I'M NOT DOING YOUR BITS!!

Kramer: Okay , all right. I'm gonna take a look at this huh!.

Jerry: Does she know?

George: NO!!

Jerry: How did it happen?

George: I can't say.

Jerry: Well, why can't you say it?

George: Because I promised her.

Jerry: I thought you just said she doesn't know??

George: She doesn't.

Jerry: So how can you promise her?

George: Because she asked me to.

Jerry: What is this, an Abbott and Costello routine?

George: All right You really want to know?...It all started when she told met hat...she was the voice on your tape recorder.

Jerry: What, Elaine?

George: Yeah! She made me promise not to tell you .It's supposed to be a joke.

Jerry: That was Elaine...

George: Well let me hear....

Jerry: Wait a second. .Just give me a second

George: You heard it fifty times already.

Jerry: She's my ex-girlfriend I think I have precedence

Jerry: Yeaaaah!!!

Elaine: Hi, It's Elaine is this a bad time?

George: Don't tell her anything , she'll kill me!!

Jerry: Okay, Okay ,I promise. Wow!!! Oh Man...Oh God...Oh Brother....Whoooaaaa!! Whoaaaa

Elaine: What's the matter?

Jerry: Oooh! I got a pain in my side.

Elaine: Hi George. Something stinks in here.

Jerry: What are you doing here?

Elaine: I was the one who talked into your tape recorder.

Jerry: I know, George told me.

Elaine: You told him!!!!

George: He..He threatened me.

Jerry: Where did you come up with all that stuff?

Elaine: That was nothing.

George: Elaine.. I have to tell you something...

Jerry: George NO!!

George: No no no no no no no..

Jerry: George I'm telling ya..

Elaine: What is it?

George: I'm very attracted to you..

Jerry: Aye......

Kramer: I'VE FOUND A HAIR!!! Yes. Hey, come here, come here ,take a look at this.

George: Ever since I found out that you let that message on Jerry's tape recorder I...

Kramer: Whoa!!!....That was you?

Elaine: It was a joke...

Kramer: Wait... Oh my god...Oh yeah....Elaine , I can't believe that that is you.

Elaine: Aah....I think I'll get going...

George: Heuh. huh. Stick around a while.

Jerry: It's early.

Kramer: We'll order Chinese.