Allison: I don't want to *live*! I don't want to *live*! 
George: Because of me? You must be joking! Who wouldn't want to live because  of me? I'm nothing! 
Allison: No... You're *something*. 
George: You can do better than me. You could throw a dart out the window and  hit someone better than me. I'm no good! 
Allison: You're good. You're *good*! 
George: I'm bad. I'm *bad*! 
Allison: You're *killing* me!         is over making a phone call while G+E talk at the table.       
George: So what could I do? I couldn't go through with it. She threatened  to kill herself. 
Elaine: Over you? 
George: Yes. Why, is that so inconceivable?         Cut to Jerry who is over at the phone trying to get Sharon Leanord at NYU.   his birthday.       
George: I got two tickets to see "Guys And Dolls". 
Elaine: I got him a two-line phone.        
Jerry: Unbelievable! She's not there. 
George: What paper does she write for? 
Jerry: The works for the NYU school newspaper. She's a grad student in  journalism. Never been to a comedy club. Never even seen me, has  no idea who I am. 
Elaine: Never even seen you? Gotta kinda envy that... 
Jerry: Y'know, you've been developing quite the acid-tongue lately... 
Elaine:  Really?         a girl sitting with her back to George at the next table. She starts to   pops the following philosophical dilemma to her companions:       
Elaine: Hey, who do you think is the most unattractive world leader? 
Jerry: Living or all time? 
Elaine: All time. 
Jerry: Well, if it's all time, then there's no contest. It begins and ends  with Brezhnev. 
Elaine: I dunno. You ever get a good look at DeGaulle? 
George: Lyndon Johnson was uglier than Degaulle. 
Elaine: I got news for you. Golda Meir could make 'em all run up a tree.         conversation and discreetly alerts J+G. She decides to add some spice to   at the next table is sure to hear...       
Elaine: Y'know, just because you two are homosexuals, so what? I mean you  should just come out of the closet and be openly gay already.         hand addresses Jerry directly:       
George: So, whaddya say? You know you'll always be the only man I'll ever love. 
Jerry:  What's the matter with you? 
George:  C'mon, go along... 
Jerry: I'm not goin' along. I can just see you in Berlin in 1939 goose-  stepping past me: "C'mon Jerry, go along, go along..."         a topic while the eavesdropper gets up and goes to make a phone call.       
Jerry: Y'know I hear that all the time. 
Elaine: Hear what? 
Jerry: That I'm gay. People think I'm gay. 
Elaine: Yeah, you know people ask me that about you, too. 
Jerry: Yeah, 'cuz I'm single, I'm thin and I'm neat. 
Elaine: And you get along well with women. 
George: I guess that leaves me in the clear...         Sharon Leonard and she's calling the newspaper that she got to the diner   and Jerry make a trip to the bathroom         
George: I just thought of a great name for myself, if I ever become a porno  actor. 
Jerry: Oh yeah, what? "Buck Naked"? 
George: Yeah, how did you know that? 
Jerry: You told me that already like two months ago.         gets Jerry's opinion on a tres-gauche shirt. Jerry is less than impressed.       
George: Allison bought it for me. 
Jerry: How you gonna get out of *that* one? 
George: I dunno. I guess I have to wait for her to die.         There's a knock at the door and when Jerry answers it, the two decide if   George as that "funny" couple from Monk's. Jerry hasn't placed her face,  
Jerry: He's gonna hang around if that's alright with you? 
Sharon: Sure, I'd like to talk to him, too.         that he and George are doing a pilot for NBC, Sharon says "oh, so you also   can be asked, George has helped himself to some fruit...       
George: Jerry did you wash this pear? 
Jerry: Yeah, I washed it. 
George: It looks like it hasn't been washed. 
Jerry: So *wash* *it*. 
George: You hear the way he talks to me? 
Sharon: You should hear how *my* boyfriend talks to me...         quite right... But, before another question can be asked, again George  
Geroge: Let me ask you something. What do you think of this shirt? 
Sharon: It's nice. 
George: Jerry said he didn't like it. 
Jerry: I didn't say I didn't like it. I said it was O.K... 
George: No, you said you didn't like it... 
Jerry: Oh, so what if I don't like it. Is that like the end of the world, or  something?        
Sharon: So how did you two meet? 
Jerry: Actually, we met in the gym locker room. 
George: Yeah. Actually it was in gym class. I was trying to climb the ropes  and Jerry was spotting me. I kept slipping and burning my thighs and  then finally I slipped and fell on Jerry's head. We've been close ever  since.         obviously thinks she has a real story here now, asks another question:       
Sharon: Do you guys live together? 
Jerry:  Live together? 
George: No, I got my own place.         is asked:       
Sharon: And do your parents know? 
Jerry: Know *what*? 
George: My parents? They don't know *what's* goin' on...         his eyes light up like sunbeams. Sherlock Seinfeld has solved the mystery.  
Jerry: Oh God, you're that girl in the coffee shop that was eavesdropping on  us. I *knew* you looked familiar!         to a very confused reporter.       
Jerry: There's been a big misunderstanding here! We did that whole thing  for your benefit. We knew you were eavesdropping. That's why my  friend said all that. It was on purpose! We're not gay! Not that  there's anything wrong with that... 
George: No, of course not... 
Jerry: I mean that's fine if that's who you are... 
George: Absolutely... 
Jerry: I mean I have many gay friends... 
George: My *father* is gay...        
Sharon: Look, I know what I heard. 
Jerry: It was a *joke*... 
George: Look, you wanna have sex right now? Do want to have sex with me right  now? Let's go! C'mon, let's go baby! C'mon!         they had of convincing her is blown away as the door bursts open and:       
Kramer: Hey, C'mon! Let's go! I thought we were going to take a steam! 
George: No! 
Jerry: No steam! 
Kramer: Well I don't want to sit there naked all by myself!         apartment. Elaine offers to talk to her and Jerry reveals that he has   paper. And, for some unknown reason, Elaine refuses to take her jacket  
Kramer: Happy birthday paruba! 
Jerry: Today's not my birthday. 
Kramer: Well, I beg to differ...         her jacket off again, Kramer presents the big guy with his present.       
Jerry: Look at this! A phone! A two-line phone!         impressed with the gift. She picks up her purse to leave :       
Jerry: Hey, where you going? 
Elaine: I gotta go return something...         as luck would have it, a call comes in on the other line.       
Sharon: Jerry, it's Sharon from NYU. I'm just calling to tell you that I'm not  going to play up that angle we talked about and I'm sorry. 
Jerry: Thank you very much, that's great- >clickclick click< Hello? 
George: Hey. 
Jerry: Hey, how ya doin'? Y'know I got that reporter from the newspaper on  the other line. 
George: So, what did she say? 
Jerry: She says she's not going to play up that angle of the story. She  thinks we're heterosexual.  I guess we *fooled* her.  I'll get rid of her, hold on... >click clickclick click< I'm back... 
George: Y'know... I could hear you on the other line... 
Jerry: What are you talkin' about? 
George: I heard what you said: "Sharon, are you there?". 
Jerry: You heard me talkin' on the other line, are you sure? 
George: Yes, I heard you! 
Jerry: Well, maybe she was disconnected. 
George: Maybe she wasn't! Maybe she heard the whole conversation! 
Jerry: Alright, hang on. Let me call Kramer and see if you can hear anything,  hold on. >click click click Obviously, it's best to hear this, but through the whole next part G+J get  
Kramer: Yello? 
Jerry: Kramer, there may be a problem with the phone, hold on. >click click< 
George: "There may be a problem with the phone, hold on"! 
Jerry: Oh no! >click click< Kramer, this phone's a piece of junk, goodbye! 
George: "The phone's a piece of junk, goodbye"! 
Jerry: Oh no! Now she's heard everything! What are we gonna do?!? 
George: Now she thinks we're gay, not that there's anything wrong with it... 
Jerry: No, no, of course not! People's personal sexual preferences are  nobody's business but their own!        
Sharon: Why don't you take a seat? 
Elaine: Thank-you. 
Sharon: Why don't you take your coat off?        
Elaine: So she kept insisting I take off my coat. I refused, and then she  forcibly tried to get me to remove it. 
Jerry: She wouldn't take her coat off at my house, either. 
George: Y'know there are tribes in Indonesia where if you keep your coat on  in somebody's house, the families go to war!        
Jerry: So you don't take your coat off, and now everyone at NYU thinks I'm gay.  Not that there's anything wrong with that... 
George: Not at all.         George springs his birthday gift on Jerry.       
George: Two tickets to "Guys And Dolls"! I'm gonna go with you! 
Jerry: "Guys And Dolls"? Isn't that a lavish, Broadway musical? 
George: It's "Guys And *Dolls*", not "Guys And *Guys*".        
Jerry: "The Collected Works Of Bette Midler".         notices that there are a couple of guys pointing at Jerry from the other  
Jerry: What do you got there?  Man #1: _The New York Post_, they've got an article about you. 
Jerry: "Although they maintain separate residences, the comedian and his  long-time *companion* seem to be inseparable..." Oh no! The Associated  Press picked up the NYU story. That's going to be in every paper!  I've been "outed"! I wasn't even "in"! 
George: Now everyone's going to think we're gay! 
Jerry: Not that there's anything wrong with that... 
George: No, not at all...                
Jerry: "Within the confines of his fastidious bachelor *pad*, Seinfeld and  Costanza bicker over the cleanliness of a piece of *fruit* like an old  married couple--" *I told you that pear was washed*!        
Kramer: I thought we were friends... 
Jerry: Here we go... 
Kramer: I mean, how could you two keep this a secret from me? 
Jerry: It's not true! 
Kramer: Aaaah! Enough lying! The lying is through! C'mon, Jerry, the  masquerade is over. You're thin, late thirties, single... 
Jerry: So are you... 
Kramer: Yeah--         mini-epileptic, losing his balance, "waaaaugh" thing and he retreats to   the phone rings, George answers.       
George: Hello?  Mrs. S: George? 
George: Mrs. Seinfeld?!?  Mrs. S: Oh, my God... 
Jerry: Oh, my God!  Ma?  Mrs. S: Jerry? 
Jerry: Ma!        
George: Oh, my God! My *MOTHER*!!!        
Jerry: Ma, it's not true!  Mr. S: It's those damn culottes you made him wear when he was five!  Mrs. S: They weren't culottes, they were shorts.  Mr. S: They were culottes! You bought them in the girl's department.  Mrs. S: By mistake! By mistake, Jerry! I'm sorry!  Mr. S: It looked like he was wearing a skirt, for crying out loud! 
Jerry: Ma, it has nothing to do with the culottes!  Mrs. S: Not that there's anything wrong with that, Jerry.         She seems to be in the same bed from episode ...  thin sheet covering that allowed for that infamous silhouette...        Mrs. C: I open up the paper, and *this* is what I have to read about? I fell  right off the toilet. My back went out again, I couldn't move...  The super had to come and get help me up. I was half naked! 
Geroge: It's *not* *true*!  Mrs. C: Every *day* it's something else with you. I don't know anything about  you any more. Who are you? What kind of life are you leading? Who  knows *what* you're doing? Maybe you're making porno films. 
George: Yeah. I'm Buck Naked.  Mrs. C: Jerry, I can see. He's so neat and thin. Not that there's anything  wrong with it. 
George: Of course not...        
Nurse: 6:30, Scott. Time for your sponge bath.         behind the screen , there are two guys. George is   going on beside him. Later, back at Monk's, E+G+J converge yet again.   has other things on his mind.       
George: Alright, now the play is tomorrow night. So do you want to have dinner  first, or do you just want to meet at the theatre?        
Sailor: Excuse me, sir? I don't mean to bother you. I just wanted you to  know that it took a lot of guts to come out the way you did, and that  you've inspired me to do the same, even though that may mean a  discharge from the service. Thanks.          He does have an answer to George's previous  
Jerry: Y'know, I think I'll pass on the "Guys And Dolls"...         from the diner and resolves to take Elaine instead. Elaine then queries  
George: No. Just imagine her reaction. 
Elaine: Yeah... 
George: Oh, my God... 
Jerry: What? 
George: She hasn't seen the article! When she sees it, she's gonna think--  *I'm out baby*!! I'm out!!!!!         the article that George has given her.       
Allison: Yeah? So? 
George: Yeah so?? 
Allison: Well this is nice. They mention your name. 
George: Don't you see what it says here? Don't you understand what that's  implying? 
Allison: No, what? 
George: I'm gay! I'm a gay man! I'm very, very gay. 
Allison: You're *gay*? 
George: Extraordinarily gay. Steeped in gayness. 
Allison:  I don't believe it. 
George: You don't believe me? Ask Jerry. 
Allison: I will. 
George: What do you mean you will? That's a bad idea. Jerry is a very  private person. 
Allison:  I want to hear it from *Jerry*...                 couch". Apparently, she's all turned around on the subject.       
Sharon: Oh, can you ever forgive me? 
Jerry: I dunno...  *Alright*, I forgive you... 
Sharon: Y'know the funny thing is, I was attracted to you immediately. 
Jerry: I was attracted to you, too. You remind me of Lois Lane.         No, it's not Kramer, although Jerry perhaps wishes it were. Yes, George has  
George: Jerry! Oh, my God! What are you doing!?! 
Jerry: What!? 
George: You're with a *woman*! 
Jerry: I know! What are you doin' here?!? 
George: I leave you alone for two seconds, and this is what you do! I  trusted you! 
Jerry:  Would you get the Hell out of  here! 
Sharon: What's going on? 
Allison: Yeah, what's going on? 
George: Alright, tell her. Go ahead. 
Jerry: Tell her what? 
George: Y'know. About *us*.         hair. Jerry flips out at this point. His arms are flailing about and he's   buying any of it. Sharon leaves, much to Jerry's chagrin. Allison asks  
George: Alright, I'll tell you the truth. I'm not gay. My name's Buck Naked,  I'm a porno actor. 
Allison: *Really*?         Kramer walks by the open door to go to his apartment. He is escorted by   before he goes into his apartment.       
Kramer: We'll see you later...         Kramer's new, er, interest. Kramer notices this and...       
Kramer: He's the *phone* man!        
Kramer: Not that there's anything wrong with that...