Kernis: I hear you, guy. 
Jerry: And I'm doin' Letterman Monday. You know, I gotta work out the  material!   The manager assures Jerry that Buckles isn't on the menu. He just  
Kernis: Why don't you come back and do the 11 o'clock spot? 
Jerry: No, I'm supposed to meet my friends to see this movie ``CheckMate''  at 10:30.   the movie. Jerry is on his way out the door when Buckles spots him. 
Buckles: Hey, Jer! 
Jerry:  Heeeeyyyyyyyy.....    the shoulder of the man in front of him. 
George: Excuse me, do you have a ticket? 
Man: No. 
George: Okay. Good.   place, the manager tells him his spot was for 9:15, not 9:50. The  
Buckles: Jerry! 
Jerry: What are  doing here? 
Buckles: Hey, do you think this is funny? ``Why do they call it athlete's  foot? You don't have to be an athlete to get it. I mean, my  father gets it all the time, and believe me, he's no athlete!''   He tries to escape, but Buckles won't let him. Jerry is on his way   the Improv. Buckles offers to join him and split the fare. ``I've    
Elaine: I've been *dying* to see ``CheckMate''. 
George: Well, if it's as good as ``Ponce de Leon'', I'll be happy. 
Elaine: ``Ponce de Leon'', are you kidding me? I hated that movie! 
George: ``Ponce de Leon''? But that was great! 
Elaine: Oh, . That Fountain of Youth scene at the end, where  they're all splashin' around, and then they go running over to the  mirror to see if it really worked? I mean, come on!  That's stupid! 
George: Lemme tell you sum'in. When Ponce looked in that mirror and saw  that he hadn't changed, and that tear started to roll down his  cheek? ... I lost it.     looking for them at the Paradise Twin around the corner. Elaine   movie on a big screen. Something catches Kramer's eye. 
Kramer: Listen, I'm gonna get a hot dog at Payapa King.  G+E: No, wait! 
George: You're not going to get back here in time! 
Kramer: I'm starvin', I haven't had any dinner! 
Elaine: You can get a hot dog in the theater. 
Kramer: I don't wanna get a movie hot dog!   I want a Papaya King hot dog! 
Elaine: Kramer, Jerry is going to be here any second, and then this line is  going to start moving, and we're going to end up in the front row. 
Kramer: Well, just save me a seat.  
Elaine: No! I don't want to save seats. Don't put me through that! I once  had the fleece just ripped out of my winter coat in a seat-saving  incident!  
George: I'm in line to buy. 
Elaine: No, George, this is the ticket- line. 
George: No it's not, it's the ticket- line. 
Elaine: Then how come we're not moving? 
Kramer: Good question.  
George: Is this the ticket holders line, or the buyers?  
Man: Holders.  
George: But I asked you before if you had a ticket, and you said no! 
Man: I didn't. My friend was getting it. 
George:  Good. It's good to be accurate like that.   Elaine and Kramer to talk behind his back. 
Elaine: Can you believe him? 
Kramer: He's spaced out.  
Elaine: How long would *you* have stood in the ticket-holders line? 
Kramer:  
Elaine:  Yeah, exactly...   10:20, and Kramer suggests they go watch the 10:45 showing of "CheckMate"  
Elaine: I don't wanna go to a... miniplex multi-theater! 
George: It's the same movie! What's the difference? 
Elaine: It's not a theater, it's like a room where they bring in POWs to  show them propaganda films.   the Paradise, while Kramer waits at the Paragon to tell Jerry of the   sign, flashing, beckoning, practically begging...   Jerry suffers through Buckles' telling of his life story in the taxi. 
Jerry:  Take the Park! 
Buckles: No no no, take 55th.   fish and how much he hates it. 
Buckles: Jerry, I want you to do me a favor. No more fish! 
Jerry:   Okay, I get your point! 
Buckles: I had a point?   joins Elaine in the ticket-holders line.  
George: Hey, you know what else is playing here? ``Rochelle Rochelle''. 
Elaine: Sigh/Ugh. 
George: I wouldn't mind seein' . 
Elaine: Yeah. You know, men can sit through the most boring movie if  there's even the slightest possibility that a woman will  take her top off. 
George: So what's your point?  
George: By the way, you owe me seven fifty. 
Elaine: Oh, all right. Can you break a twenty? 
George: No, I don't have any change. 
Elaine: Oh, well, then I'll pay you later. 
George: Or, I could take the twenty, then I could pay *you* later. 
Elaine: Yeah, you *could*... 
George: Might be easier. 
Elaine: I mean, how is that easier? I mean, then you would owe me twelve  fifty instead of me owing you seven fifty. 
George:  Either way. 
Elaine: Yeah. 
George: So... Can I have it? 
Elaine: I tell you what, I'll get the popcorn and the soda. 
George: Whaddya mean, you'll ``get'' the popcorn and the soda? 
Elaine: I will buy your popcorn and soda. We'll call it even. 
George: I tell you what, you give me the twenty, and I will buy  *you* a popcorn and soda, and I'll throw in a bon-bons. 
Elaine:  George, you're sappin' my strength.  
George: You go in and save seats. 
Elaine:  Me!? But that's three seats! I can't save three  seats! I told you about that guy who tore up my winter coat!     on a Saturday night. Buckles considers how various famous people would   his material. 
Buckles: Jerry, I want you to have this piece of material. 
Jerry: That's very nice of you, but I can't do the voices. 
Buckles: Jerry! Don't start up with me! 
Jerry: I gotta get out of this cab... 
Buckles: But Jerry, quit riffing! 
Jerry: No, I'm not riffing. I'm ignoring! Do you understand the  difference? 
Buckles:  Can you help me get on The Tonight Show?    
Elaine: No, these are saved. 
Man: All of them? C'mon, you can't take *four* seats. 
Elaine: What, is that a rule?   Paragon to give Kramer his and Jerry's tickets. Throughout the  
George: Well, why don't *you* go, and I could save the seats. You said you  didn't like saving anyway. 
Elaine:   No, *TAKEN*, Taken, taken.    I'm getting the hang of it.  
George: Why don't you give me the twenty, and I'll stop and get change,  and then you and I can... uh... you-know, settle. 
Elaine: Can we do this later, George? 
George: Psh. What's the point of even discussing it?  You'll give me the money when you have  it.   I, I trust you.   pure fresh  
Kramer: Could you do me a favor? If you see a guy that's five foot eleven,  he's got uh a big head and flared nostrils, tell him his friend's  going to be right back, okay?  
Elaine: No, I'm sorry, these are taken. ...  They're in the lobby buying popcorn. ...  What are you doing? These are taken, these are taken! 
Woman: Which one? 
Elaine: These two and this one. ...  No! Don't come over here! These are taken. Go! Go!  These are taken! They're taken! THEY'RE TAKEN!!!  
Elaine: Oh, take 'em.  
George: Um, excuse me, have you see a guy with like a horse face,  big teeth, and a, and a pointed nose? 
Clerk: ... flared nostrils? 
George: Yeah. 
Clerk: Nope, haven't seen him.    
Buckles: Jerry, could you do me a personal favor? And if I'm out of line,  *please*, let me know. Could I keep my trench coat in your closet  for a few months? 
Jerry: Your trench coat in my closet?  
Buckles: Jerry, my closet is packed to the gills, I'm afraid to open the  door. Just for a few months. It'll make all the difference in  the world.   figures they're inside. He'll go in to tell them he can't join them. 
Buckles: We should see ``Rochelle Rochelle''. I hear it's really hot. 
Jerry: No thanks, maybe some other time. 
Buckles: Really? Do you really mean that? 
Jerry: No, I don't.  
Buckles: You liked the athlete's foot bit, right? 
Jerry: No. No. I was kidding. It's terrible.   the Paragon. 
Jerry: Hi, I got some friends inside, I gotta get a message to 'em.  Mind if I walk through real quick? 
Usher:    warp speed, clutching a precious Papaya King hot dog in his hand. 
Kramer: Hey, did that guy show up? 
Clerk: The guy with the... horse face... and the big teeth... 
Kramer: No, the guy with the big head and the flared nostrils. 
Clerk: Haven't seen him. There was a short guy with glasses...  Looked like Humpty-Dumpty with a melon hat. But he left.  
Woman: So I got home, and he was vacuuming! I mean, he's twelve years old!  Who else but my Alan would do something like that?  
Woman: And then last night, he put on my high heels. Oh, he put on such a  show for us! He was dancing around, lip-sync'ing to ``A Chorus  Line'', I mean you can see he's got talent. 
Elaine:  Excuse me, excuse me. 
Woman: What's the problem? 
Elaine:   You're talking. 
Woman: It's the ``Coming Attractions''.  
Woman: So anyway, he sings, he dances. And do you know what he's gotten  into now? He is cooking! He does a crepe...  
Usher: Ticket, sir? 
George: Uh, I just went out, I went to look for my friend? 
Usher: Do you have your stub? 
George:  My `stub'? 
Usher: Mm hm.   a stub before. 
George: You don't remember me? 
Usher: It's a big city, sir. 
George: I went in with a pretty woman? You know, kinda short, big wall o'  hair, face like a frying pan?   ticket-taker tears the ticket and gives George the stub. George   the other door. Like two dips, passing in the night. 
George:  Elaine?   Elaine!   Elaine!  
George:  Elaine!       hearing no response, gives up. 
Narrator: The Village Voice calls it a masterpiece. A young woman's  strange, erotic journey from Milan to Minsk.   what, though... 
Narrator: It's a story about life. And love. And becoming a woman.  ``Rochelle Rochelle'', now playing at Paradise 2.   thereafter, Jerry rushes out of the theater and hails a cab. Or      
Elaine: Uh, could I have a medium Diet Coke? 
Clerk: Do you want the Medium size or the middle size? 
Elaine: What's the difference? 
Clerk: Well, we have three sizes. Medium, Large, and Jumbo. 
Elaine:  What happened to the small? 
Clerk: There is no small. Small is Medium. 
Elaine: What's... medium? 
Clerk: Medium is Large, and large is Jumbo. 
Elaine: Oh-kay. Gimme the large. 
Clerk: That's medium. 
Elaine: Right. Yeah.  Could I have a small popcorn? 
Clerk: There is no small.  Child-size is small. 
Elaine: What's `medium'? 
Clerk: Adult. 
Elaine: Do adults ever order the child-size? 
Clerk:  Not usually. 
Elaine:  Okay, gimme the `adult'. 
Clerk: Do you want butter? 
Elaine: Is it *real* butter? 
Clerk:  It's butter-*flavored*! 
Elaine:  What is it made of? 
Clerk:  It's yellow!   still outside trying to hail a cab. He finally gets one. The  
Jerry: 44th and 9th. 
Driver: Have you got a cigarette? 
Jerry: No.  
Usher: Ticket, sir? 
George: We've just been through this! You don't remember? We just had  this exact same conversation a minute ago! 
Usher: I need to see your stub. 
George:  I've got the stub.  
George: There you go, okay? That's my *other* friend's ticket.  You happy now? You got two tickets.   searching her pocketbook for change to pay for her popcorn and  
Usher: Ticket, sir? 
Kramer: Uh, no, see, my friend already bought me a ticket.  I'm late, and she's inside. 
Usher: Go ahead.   5th time this episode. Kramer heads straight into the theater. 
Kramer: Is that seat taken?  Woman Behind Elaine: It's all yours.   uncomfortable. 
Driver: I'm very sorry, you give me few minutes.  I have to stop for gasoline. 
Jerry: Gasoline? Can't you get it after you drop me off? 
Driver:  No! Impossible! It is on `Empty'!     trying to find her seat. Various patrons tell her to sit down   causing her to spill most of her popcorn in the process.   George sits in a half-empty theater watching ``Rochelle Rochelle''.  
Man: You're soaking wet. Who are you? 
Rochelle: My name is Rochelle, I'm from Milan.  I'm supposed to visit my relatives in Minsk. 
Man: Here, stand by the fire. Take off those wet clothes,  you'll catch cold. 
Rochelle: Oh, my hand's so cold, I can barely get these buttons open.  
Rochelle: Oh, that's much better. Much...   Rochelle's Christmas cards.   Elaine stumbles to the ticket-taker, trying to shake popcorn out of  
Elaine: I just went to get popcorn... Ugh...   I just went to get popcorn, okay?  And and and somebody took my seat, and my coat is in there! 
Usher: There's a seat in the front row. 
Elaine: No no, I can't sit in the front row. 
Usher: Well, you're going to have to wait, then. 
Elaine: I can't stand around here for *two hours*! 
Usher: I could let you see ``Rochelle Rochelle''. 
Elaine:  Oh. Thanks.  
Elaine: Oh, hey, listen, by the way, have you seen a tall... lanky...  doofus, with a, with a bird-face and hair like the Bride of  Frankenstein? 
Usher: Haven't seen him.   they will be leaving very soon. He'll just go across the street to     Then discovers the source of his discomfort: He's sitting on a coat. 
Jerry: Hey, did I make it? 
Kernis: Sorry. 
Jerry: Oh, great. That's great. What a night.  
Announcer: Pat Buckles, ladies and gentlemen.  Another round of applause for Pat Buckles!  
Jerry: You got my spot? 
Buckles: That athlete's foot bit killed! 
Jerry: Really... 
Buckles: Do you think I need to lose some weight? 
Jerry: Weight? Naw. Just need some more height. 
Jerry: My whole night's ruined.  I didn't do any sets, didn't do any movies... 
Buckles: Come on, we can still catch most of ``Rochelle Rochelle''. 
Jerry: ``Rochelle Rochelle'', huh? 
Buckles: A young girl's strange, erotic journey from Milan to Minsk. 
Jerry:  Minsk?   the theater. Also there are Jerry and Buckles. George and Buckles  
Elaine: Oh, gimme a break!  
Jerry: Elaine?  
Elaine: Jerry! 
Jerry: Elaine! 
Voice:  Shut up. 
George: Jerry? 
Jerry: George? 
George: Elaine? 
Elaine: George!   
Jerry: Hey, where's Kramer? 
Voice:  Will you shut up? 
Elaine: I don't know. Does this movie stink or what! 
Jerry: Let's get outta here.  I'll see ya. 
Buckles: You're leaving? 
Jerry: Yeah.  
Buckles:  Jerry, take the coat. Please. One month. 
Jerry: I don't want the coat. 
Buckles: Jerry! Call me when you get home so I know you're okay!   miseries out in the lobby. 
George:  Oh man! Look at this! I sat in gum.  Oh, by the way, you owe me seven fifty. 
Jerry: I didn't even use the ticket! 
George: I still paid for it!   casually over his shoulders. Jerry looks through his wallet. 
Jerry: I only have a twenty. 
Elaine: That's my coat! Gimme that. Where did you get that? 
Kramer: It was on the seat... 
Elaine: *YOU* took my seat!? 
George: You uh owe me for the ticket. 
Kramer: Yeah, right... 
Elaine: What is that stain ? 
Kramer: It's yellow mustard.  Can you break a twenty?