George: Hey, is it my imagination, or do really good looking women walk a lot faster than  everybody else? 
Elaine: We don't walk that fast... 
George: No seriously... 
Elaine: Seriously, we don't. 
George: The better looking they are, the faster they go! I mean, I see they out there on the  street, they're zooming around, like a blur. Like they have a motor on their ass. 
Elaine:  Hey Jerry, come on, let's go. We're gonna miss the  previews!  Jerry : What's the big hurry? 
Elaine: Hey, how are we gettin' to Scott Drake's party on Saturday night? 
Jerry: Oh, Drake's party, I forgot to buy a present. 
George: I gotta buy a present now? 
Elaine: Of course you do, it's an engagement party. 
George: It never ends, this present stuff! Engagement present! Then they get married, you gonna  have to get them something for that! Then the baby, there's another present. Then the baby starts  getting their presents. I don't even like Drake. 
Jerry: You don't like the Drake? 
George: Hate the Drake. 
Elaine: I *love* the Drake. 
Jerry: How could you not like the Drake? 
George: Who's the Drake? 
Elaine: "Who's the Drake"? 
Jerry: The Drake is good! 
Elaine: So listen, what are you gonna get him? 
George: I haven't even met the fiancee! Whatever!  
Jerry: Elaine, look. I drew this triangle free-hand. It's a doodle. It's perfect! 
Elaine: So what? That's easy. 
Jerry: Easy?   
Elaine: Hi! Hey, have you gotten your present yet for the Drake? 
Kramer: Uh, no, no, not yet. 
Jerry: Do you like the Drake? 
Kramer: I *love* the Drake! I'm looking forward to meeting the Drakette! 
Elaine: I'm lukewarm about the Drakette. 
Kramer:  That's a nice triangle... 
Jerry: It's Isosceles 
Kramer: Ooh, Isosceles. I love the name Isosceles. If I had a kid, I would name him Isosceles.  Isosceles Kramer. 
Elaine: Hey, you know what, maybe we should all chip in for the gift. 
Jerry: The chip-in! 
Elaine: Hey, a pretty good idea, huh? 
Jerry: Yeah! 
Kramer: Yeah, the chip-in, defenitely! 
Jerry: You know what, let's go to that mall in Liberal before we go to the party. We'll have  to take your car, it's got the most room. 
Kramer: No, no! My car's not running.   
Jerry: What about your father's car? 
George: No, no, no. Out of the question. I was over there today. He's got the good spot in front  of the good building in the good neighbourhood. I know he's not gonna wanna move. 
Jerry: Are you serious? 
George: You don't know what that spot means to him. Once he gets it, he doesn't go out for weeks.  
Jerry: How about this, you put your car in the good spot, that'll hold the good spot in front of  the good building, and we can get the good car! 
George: Good thinking! 
Jerry: Good to meet you!   
Elaine: So what are we gonna get him? 
Jerry: We could get him anything we wanted, we're chippin' in. 
George: I like this area. I could live out here.  
Kramer: Yeah, we ought to all get a house and live together. 
Jerry: Yeah, that's a good idea. I'll tell you what chuckles, I give you permission to sublet my  room right now. 
George: Look at this. There's no spaces here.  Excuse me, are you gettin' out?  Man in car: No! 
Kramer: Why don't you take a handicap spot... 
George: You think? 
Elaine: No, no! We'll find a space. There's spaces in the other lot.  
George: I don't want to walk that far. 
Elaine: What if a handicapped person needs it? 
Kramer: Oh, come on, they don't drive! 
Jerry: Yes, they do! 
Kramer: Have you ever seen a handicapped person pull into a space and park? 
Jerry: Well there's spaces there, they must drive! 
Kramer: Well they don't. If they could drive, they wouldn't be handicapped. 
Elaine: So if you can drive, you're not handicapped? 
George: Look, we're not gonna be that long anyway... we have to get to the "party"! 
Kramer: I got news for you: handicapped people, they don't even want to park there! They wanna be  treated just like anybody else! That's why, those spaces are always empty. 
George: He's right! It's the same thing with the femenists. You know, they want everything to be  equal, everything! But when the check comes, where are they? 
Elaine: What does that mean? 
George: Yeah! Alright, I'm pulling in. 
Kramer: Yeah, go ahead. 
Elaine: George! 
George: Oh, come on, it's five minutes.   
Kramer: Make sure we don't forget where the car's parked.  Jerry, George, Elaine: Don't worry. We won't forget!   
Jerry: Do you believe the deal we got on this? A big screen TV? At that price? 
Elaine: What a sale, huh? And how about that store, delivering it tonight? We're gonna be swimming  in 'thank you's... 
George: What did I get the veggie burger for? You got a veggie burger, so I had to get the veggie  burger, I'm allover crums... 
Jerry: No-one's gonna have a better gift than this big screen TV! Good for them, love the Drake! 
Elaine: Got to *love* the Drake!   
Jerry: Hey, what's going on over here? 
Elaine: Must have been an accident...   
Jerry:  Hey, what's going on? 
Woman: Some jerk parked in a handicap spot, so this woman in a wheelchair had to wheel up this  incline, and half way up her batteries gave up, and she rolled backwards into the wall. Taken her to  St. Elizabeth's... 
Jerry: Is she OK? 
Woman: I don't know. We're just waiting here for the owner of this car to show up. May not get out  alive! Thug! Taking up a handicap spot? He's gonna pay! 
Jerry: Son's of bitches! Good luck finding them... him... whatever. I'd like to stick around and  get my hands on him myself, but I gotta take off.   
George: How are we gonna get out of here? They'll kill us! 
Elaine:  Are you happy now? 
Kramer: Who would think these people we're gonna be here? 
Jerry: I don't know... 
Elaine: What about the party? What about the Drake? 
George: Screw the Drake! 
Jerry: I love the Drake! 
Kramer: Let's just take a bus back to the city. 
George: Can't leave the car here! 
Kramer: Why not? 
George: It's my father's car!  Man who hit car ealier: Let's smash it! 
Everybody: Yeah! Yeah! 
Jerry: Let's get out of here.   
George: What are we gonna do? How are we gonna get out of here? 
Jerry: The thing is, even if we go back by the car, and there's nobody there, how do we know  they're not all hiding, waiting for us? 
Elaine: Well, they have to give up some time, they can't stay out there all night? 
Jerry: What are we, John Dillinger? How did this get to be the crime of the century? It's not like  we stuck a broomstick in her spokes and she went flying... 
George: What I don't get is, just because the battery is dead, you think she'd be able to roll up  the hill with her hands! 
Kramer: You'd think... 
George: I mean, batteries have gone dead before, aren't they prepared for that? 
Kramer: Most of them don't even have batteries. 
George: Must be one of those rich, spoiled handicapped people, who didn't want to do any work, and  just wanted to sit in her wheelchair and take it easy.  
Kramer: Yeah... 
George: Well, I'm sorry! 
Elaine: Our big screen TV is probably arriving right now... 
George: How are we gonna get out of here? We need a plan! 
Jerry: I got it!  We give the keys to Elaine. 
Elaine: Me? 
Jerry: Yeah! You're a woman! Men don't hit a woman! 
Elaine: Oh, they won't? 
Jerry: Not if they don't know you... 
Elaine: I'm not going for this, Kramer should go! It was all his idea! 
Kramer: No chance in hell! 
Jerry: What if we created some sort of diversion? What if we all went by the car and started 
screaming: "There he is, there's the guy that took the handicap spot!" And then, when they all run into  the other direction, we'll jump in the car! 
George: That's good, we'll give it a try... 
Elaine: That's good... 
Jerry: That doesn't work, we'll give 'em Kramer! 
Kramer: Huh?     
Jerry:  You know, a lot of these scratches will buff  right out...    
Frank: Eight years have I had this car. Not a scratch on it! Eight years!   
Frank: A beautiful Mercury! I special-ordered that bench seat! 
George: Dad, that other car cut us off! They had swastikas all over it... They were hurling racial  epiphates at us... I could have been killed! 
Estelle:  I told you not to give it to him! 
Frank:  You know, my insurance doesn't cover this? The whole thing is a total loss!  Mahjongh lady: Frank, the important thing is, he didn't get hurt! 
Frank: No it isn't!  Mahjongh lady: So what are you doing now, Georgie? 
George: I'm uh... writing a pilot for NBC...  
Frank: Where the hell is my paper?  Mahjongh lady: You're writing a pilot? 
Estelle: With his friend, Jerry Seinfeld... the comedian...  Mahjongh lady: So what's it about? 
George: Well, Jerry's car gets hit and the other driver doesn't have any insurance, so the judge  sentences him to be Jerry's butler.  Majongh ladies: This is the same situation! Frank, maybe you ought to make him your butler!   
Estelle: Every time you're with that Kramer, something happens... He's a real trouble maker! 
George: Nah, he didn't have anything to do with it... 
Estelle: He's all together crazy, that one! Jerry? I used to think was nice... I don't know what  happened to him...        
Jerry:  So it was a good party, huh? Oh... you're welcome, you're welcome...  They loved the TV, *loved* it! 
Elaine: Oh, yeah... 
Jerry:  Oh, wait a second, I'll ask her.. that's a great idea.  Drake  wants to know if we want to come out to Minneolis this afternoon, since we missed the partly last  night, to maybe get something to eat? 
Elaine: Sure! 
Jerry:  Sure! ... Okay... Don't worry, I'm taking MY car! ... okay... okay, see you  later... bye... 
Jerry: The Drake is great! 
Elaine: Hmm.. he's so nice! I'm really happy for them. 
Jerry: Yeah. Well, I don't know if I'm happy for them, I mean I'm glad they're happy, but,  frankly, that doesn't do anything for me.    
Jerry: Yes? 
George: It's me. 
Jerry: Come on up.   
Kramer: Hey. I just came from St. Elizabeth's.  
Jerry: St. Elizabeth's Hospital? Why? 
Kramer: Well, the handicapped woman? I went to see her. 
Elaine: You went to see her? 
Kramer: Yeah.  
Jerry: Wow, what happened? 
Kramer: I'm in love.  
Jerry: What? 
Kramer: Yeah, she is the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. I love her Jerry, I really love  her. I'm gonna ask her to marry me. She's got everything I've always wanted in another human being.  Except for the walking. 
Jerry: Oh, what's the difference, you don't go out that much.   
Kramer: Ah, I'm glad you're here.  
George: What? 
Kramer: Alright, now, we gotta go out. We gotta buy a wheelchair.  
George: A wheelchair? What for? 
Kramer: Well, you know I went to the hospital today, and I saw the woman, you know, and the  wheelchair is totalled, we gotta get her another one! 
George: Doesn't she have collision? 
Kramer: George, I'm in love with her!  
George: Well, my father works for the United Volunteers, maybe he can get her one. 
Kramer: No! She needs it now! 
George: What about these two? Aren't they gonna chip in? 
Kramer: Well... 
Elaine: Hey, we told you not to park there! 
George: Can't we just fix the old one? 
Kramer: Alright, alright. Fine George! Don't chip in! But some day, we're gonna be driving along,  we're gonna look out the window, and see her crawling along 5th avenue! Is that what you want? 
George: Alright, alright! We'll buy her a wheelchair! Wheelchairs, engagement presents.. IT NEVER  ENDS!    
Salesman: This is out best model. The Cougar 9000. It's the Rolls Royce of wheelchairs. This is  like... you're almost glad to be handicapped. 
Kramer: So now, what's this got? 
Salesman: Inductive joystick, dynamic braking, flip-up arms, it's fully loaded. I put Stephen  Hawking in one of these two months ago, he's lovin' it! It's rated number one by Hospital Supply and  Prosthetic Magazine. 
George: How much? 
Salesman: 6200.  
George: Do you have something a little more... less expensive?       Jerry and Elaine: Hey Drake! Hi Drake!  
Jerry:Hey Alison! Hey, there's the TV, Elaine, look at that! 
Elaine: My God this is fantastic! Tell me, were you guys just blown away or what?  The Drake: Oh yeah, yeah... it's fantastic...   
Jerry: I am gonna make good use of this! I'm watching every superbowl here, every big fight.... 
Elaine: Oh man, there is nothing like a really big TV, huh? 
Jerry: So where're we eatin'?  The Drake: Well, actually... Jerry...  
Elaine: I'm *really* hungry!  The Drake: ... we just broke up... 
Jerry: When did this happen?  The Drake: About 20 minutes ago... Hey, I am really sorry about this guys... whew!  Jerry : Look at the picture on this thing... 
Elaine: Oh, cristal clear!  
Jerry: They know how to make 'em...   
Elaine: Are there any good Italian restaurants around here?  The Drake : Gagliano's... that's pretty good... 
Jerry: Well... we should...  
Elaine: Get movin'... 
Jerry: Yeah... Hey, Drake, what ever happens, I am sure it'll be for the best.  
Elaine: Take it easy. Bye-Bye Alison!   
Elaine: Oh, the remote! Okay, I'm just gonna put it on top of the television...    
Salesman: Alright, this one is about 8 years old. Not a scratch on it, it was owned by some lady  who only used it to go from the bathroom to the kitchen and to feed her cat. 
Kramer: But this'll get you around? 
Salesman: Oh sure, it just doesn't have any of the thrills of the Cougar. 
George: Like what? 
Salesman: For example, your tremor-damping. 
Kramer: Now what's that? 
Salesman: It helps to control the direction regardless of the operator's tremors or spasticity. 
Kramer: Well, is it alright if I try it? 
Salesman: Hop in!   
Kramer: Oh yeah!   
Salesman: I tell ya...   
Salesman: When I see someone enjoying themselves like that, it reminds me why I got into this  business in the first place. 
George: How much?   
Salesman: How about $240?  George & Kramer: We'll take it!    
Elaine: Drake gave her the TV? 
Jerry: He gave her all the gifts; he felt guilty. 
Elaine: Well, she can't keep it, it's not fair, that's *our* TV! 
Jerry: I know it is! 
Elaine: Boy, I am really starting to dislike the Drake! 
Jerry: I hate the Drake! Maybe the whole thing was a scam. Anybody can just get engaged and get  presents and just keep them all. Maybe they're on their way to Chicago tomorrow and do the whole  thing all over again. 
Elaine: They don't know anybody in Chicago.  
Jerry: Don't worry, they'll make friends fast with that nice TV.   
George: Hey. 
Jerry: Hey, guess what? The Drake broke up.  George : The Drake broke up?! That's fantastic! Now we get the TV back! It'll help defray  some of the cost of the wheelchair. 
Jerry: I don't know about defraying.  
George: Why? 
Jerry: We're not gettin' that TV. 
George: What do you mean? The engagement is off, we get the TV back. That's business. 
Elaine: The Drakette took it. 
George: She can't take it. It's not hers, it's theirs. Once there's no theirs there's no hers, it  should be ours.  
Elaine: Well, she has it!  George : I *told* you the Drake was bad! I hate the Drake! 
George: Maybe we should call her. 
Elaine: Well, who's gonna call? 
Jerry: You are. 
Elaine: What? Why is it me who always has to do these things? 
Jerry: Because that's your thing! 
Elaine: What? Calling people I hardly know, and demanding they return expensive gifts, that's my  "thing"? 
Jerry: Yeah, that's your thing. 
Elaine: Alright, gimme the phone... it's my "thing"...    Jerry : You know, I'm thinking about getting a yo-yo. 
George: Really? 
Jerry: Yeah.  
George: I could see that...  : Hello? 
Elaine: Alison! Hi, this is Elaine...   : I gave all the gifts to charity. 
Elaine: Oh, Okay... well thanks a lot... sorry again about you and the Drake...  : I hate the Drake. 
Elaine: Everybody does. Bye-bye....   
Elaine: She gave it to charity. 
Jerry: Charity?!? That's apalling. 
George: How could anybody be so selfish and inconsiderate!   
Kramer: Well, I gave her the wheelchair! You should have seen the look on her face. And then she  told me, that the old wheelchair, that wasn't any good anyway! So you see George, the whole  incident was a God blessing! Yeah! 
George: You mean a blessing in disguise? 
Kramer: Yeah....    
Lady: And I would also like to personally thank our gracious host Frank Costanza, who has earned  the silver circle award and is our unanimous choice for the United Volunteer Representative of the  Month!   
Lady: Due to his tireless effort, he personally raised over $22,000. That's a lot of wheelchairs!   
Lady: On behalf of the United Volunteers of Greater New York, we thank you!   
Frank: Well... thank you very much! 
Cop: Mr. Costanza? 
Frank: Yes? 
Cop: You're under arrest.  
Frank: Under arrest? What for? 
Cop: Reckless endangerment of public safety, and violation of traffic code 342-A. 
Frank: What's that? 
Cop: Parking in a handicap spot. Let's go... 
Frank: George! George!    
Jerry: Your father got arrested? For what? 
George: Parking in a handicap spot. Right in the middle of his United Volunteers meeting. When he  got back, he chased after me with a baseball bat. 
Jerry: Ho-ly! 
George: Between the car getting totalled, the towing charge and the fine, there's no way I can  ever pay him back... 
Jerry: So what are you gonna do? 
George: I agreed to become his butler. 
Jerry: What?   
Jerry: What's the matter? 
Kramer: It's over!  
Jerry: What's over? 
Kramer: Me and Lola.... 
George: The woman we bought the wheelchair for? 
Kramer: Yeah, she dumped me!  
Jerry: She dumped you? 
Kramer: She dumped me! She rolled right over me! Said I was a hipster dufus. Am I a hipster dufus?  Jerry & George : ... no... 
Kramer: Said I'm not good looking enough for her. Not good looking! Jerry, look at me, look at my  face, huh, am I beautiful? George, am I beautiful? 
George: ...you're very attractive... 
Kramer: yeah... she says she doesn't wanna see me again. Told me to drop dead! 
Jerry: Drop dead? 
George: Boy, even I never heard that one... 
Jerry: She's pretty rough! 
Kramer: Yeesh-jip! 
George: Well, we just blew 240 bucks on a wheelchair. 
Jerry: 240 bucks? 
George: Well, it was slightly used... 
Jerry: Used?          Frank : I don't think you did such a good job on these...    
George: What!? 
Frank: You're supposed to your face there! Do you see your face in there?   
Frank: Yeah? ...oh really?...oh... how about that?... Right down a hill huh? Okay! Alight! Bye!   
Frank: George, forget about the shoes. Want you to do something for me . This handicapped woman had an accident. Somebody gave her a used wheelchair with  defective brakes. 
George: Sons of bitches! 
Frank: Anyway, I want you to pick up this big screen TV, and deliver it to her.  
George: Big screen TV? 
Frank: Do you think you can handle it?      
Alison: Yes? 
George: Hi, we're from the United Volunteers, we've come to pick up the TV. 
Alison: Oh great, it's right over there. 
Kramer: Ooh, it's a big one!   {All four inside a delivery van outside the mall) 
George: Who's got the receipt? 
Elaine: I do.  
George: Will they give us cash? 
Jerry: That's their policy.  
George: I hate this mall, there are never any spaces here... 
Kramer: Why don't you park in front of the hydrant? 
George: What if there is a fire? 
Kramer: What are the chances of that?