George: Well I am actually going to have a secretary and I get to do the interview. 
Jerry: That's incredible. Six months ago you were taking messages for your mother. 
George: Yeah, and now someone's going to be taking messages for me. 
Jerry: From your mother.   
Jerry: So this ah, woman you plan on hiring, is she going to be in the “Spokes model” category? 
George: Sure. I could go the tomato route. But eh, I've given this a lot of thought Jerry. All that frustration. I’ll never get any work done. So I’m doing a complete 360. I’m going for total efficiency and ability. 
Jerry: That's a 180, George. 
George: Whatever.   
Jerry: Hi Willie. 
Willie: Hey Jerry.   
Jerry: I got this stuff and ah my mother's fur coat for storage. 
Willie: What are you doing with it? 
Jerry: Ah, she keeps it in my apartment for when she comes up from Florida. 
Donna: Hi. 
Jerry: Hi. 
Willie: Hey Jerry, you know my wife “Donna”. 
Jerry: Yeah, that's why I said “hi”.   
Willie: Hey, nice jacket.  
Jerry: Thanks. It's Hounds-Tooth. 
Willie: Whoa, this is a beauty. Great cut. It's probably very flattering. 
Jerry: Oh yes, it really accentuates my bust line.    New scene. Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium, then to George Costanza’s office where he is interviewing an attractive applicant for his secretary job. 
Applicant: Well, I type about 90 words a minute. I’m completely well-versed in all IBM and Macintosh programs. 
George:  Well Miss Coggins you're ah, obviously qualified for the job. You've all the necessary skills and experience. But you're extremely attractive. you're gorgeous. I’m looking at you, I can't even remember my name. So ah, I’m afraid this is not going to work out  Thanks for coming in.   
George: You're luscious. You're ravishing. I would give up red meat just to get a glimpse of you in a bra. I’m terribly sorry.     
Ade: As you can see my references are impeccable. I think I’d be a real asset here. My only concern is, I do take care of my mother. So will there be any late nights? 
George: I can't imagine.    New scene. Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry. 
Elaine: Ok, So Barney’s is having this huge sale. I try this dress on --  -- Stunning. Stunning. I couldn't take my eyes off myself. 
Jerry: Yeah. 
Elaine: OK, so then I put it on at home. It looks like I’m carrying twins. 
Jerry: So you're saying, Store -- Hotsy-Totsy, Home-- Hotsy-Notsy. 
Elaine: Yeah exactly. Anyway I've got to go over there and return it. 
Jerry: I thought we were going to the movies? 
Elaine: All right I’ll try it on again. You tell me what you think.    
George: Hey hey. 
Elaine: Hey George 
George: Hey Elaine.  I’m telling you Jerry, having a secretary is incredible.  I don't know why I didn’t have one before. 
Jerry: Because you didn’t have a job? 
George: Perhaps.  I walk in, everything is organized -- messages, appointments. And I can't tell you how proud I am of myself for going with Ade. 
Jerry: A lesser man would have crumbled. They would have gone for the “dish” and the sure fire sexual-harassment suit.   
Jerry: It's a little ... 
Elaine: All Right!  You answered it right there. 
Jerry: You got no waist in that thing. 
George: You arms look like something hanging in a kosher deli. 
Elaine: I said, All Right. 
George: Well wha’d you buy it for? 
Elaine: Why did I buy it, because in the mirror, at Barney’s, I looked fabulous. This woman was just walking by said I looked like Demi Moore in Indecent Proposal. 
Jerry: How fast was she walking?   
George: Demi? I thought it was Demi? 
Jerry: No. I think it's Demi. 
George: Really? I never heard of a semi tractor-trailer.    
Elaine: Wait a minute  Wait a minute. I know what's going on here. Skinny Mirrors!  
Jerry: What? 
Elaine: Skinny Mirrors! Barney’s has Skinny Mirrors, they make you look, like, 10 pounds lighter. 
Jerry: Oh, you're crazy. 
Elaine: Am I?  Do you think I would have bought this dress if I looked like this at Barney’s? 
George:  You know I think she might have something there.   
Kramer: Whoa. What are you all dressed up for? 
Elaine: Oh I’m returning this dress to Barney’s. 
Kramer: Good idea. 
Jerry: Do it tomorrow. Well go to the movies. 
Elaine: Yeah yeah, ok. 
Kramer: Hey look, if you're going there, maybe you could pick me up some of this super hydrating, it's a total-protection moisturizer with Uva. 
Elaine: Moisturizer? That's girls stuff. 
Kramer: No no, look. I’ll tell you what -- they're having a sale right. 
Elaine: yeah. 
Kramer: I’ll meetcha down there, well have lunch. 
Elaine: Well we could ... 
Kramer: Well, we’ll get to know each other. We never get to spend any time together. Oh sure we have our little group here, but ...     New scene. Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium, then to George Costanza’s office, he stands in front of a wall calendar, as Ade, his new secretary takes down notes as to what George is saying. 
George: And then assuming the strike is resolved, on April 14th, we, ah, play the Angels. So let’s clear a floor at the Anaheim Hotel. 
Ade: Anaheim Hotel.  You may want to reconsider. I believe they only have room service until 10 P.M. and then it's only finger foods. 
George: Ade, you're a wonder.  
Ade: OK, now I projected some of those figures for you regarding the switch to Canola oil for the stadium popcorn and surprisingly it will only come to 1/2 a cent more per bag, so it is definitely doable. 
George: Ade, I have to tell you, I, I have never met anybody so ... efficient. 
Ade: Well thank you, I’m flattered. 
George: I mean you're just, you're just a marvel of organization. 
Ade: Well I’m just, hm, doing my job. 
George: It's like I’m thinking of something, and you're  one step ahead of me. 
Ade: What can I say? I’m ... I’m good at what I do.  
George:  Do you, uh ... do you know what I’m ... thinking about now? 
Ade:  Yes, I think I do.  
George: Is it, uh, doable? 
Ade: It's definitely doable.      New scene. Outside a movie theater  Jerry and Elaine have exited the theater and are walking slowly and then stop to talk, as other movie goers leave the theater behind them - in the background, there is a line of people waiting to buy tickets for the next show. 
Jerry: Well, that was the worst. 
Elaine: I can’t believe they made the Wife the killer.  Gimme a break. 
Man:  Hey, give us a break. We haven't seen it yet. Thanks a lot big mouth!  Another man:  Yeah!    
Kramer: You got a pen? 
Jerry: Yeah, I think I do. 
Kramer: And I need something to write on. 
Jerry: Well, all I got is my dry-cleaning stub. 
Kramer: I gust met Uma Therman. She's giving me her telephone number. Uma Jerry, Uma. 
Jerry: Uma Therman? Really? 
Kramer: Yeah. 
Elaine: How'd you manage that. 
Kramer: Yeah well I don't have any time to talk now.  
Jerry: He's got the Kavorca.  Hey, isn't that Willie, my dry-cleaner? 
Elaine: Where? 
Jerry: He just went in. You know, I think he was wearing my Hounds-Tooth jacket. 
Elaine: What would he be doing wearing your jacket? 
Jerry: It looked just like the jacket I brought in to be dry-cleaned. He complimented me on it. 
Elaine: Are you sure?   
Kramer: I got it. Uma, Uma, Uma.  
Elaine: You are amazing. 
Kramer: Yeah, all right. Taxi's on me.     New scene. Exterior shot of Yankee Stadium at dusk and then to George Costanza’s office.  George and Ade are struggling to kneel and undress while kissing. 
Ade: Ah no no no no no. A better way to reach the bra would be to undo the jacket, then go around the back of the shirt. 
George: Ade you are incredible   
Ade: Oh ...oh ...oh ... Here, I want to show you something. Hand me that pillow.   
George: What? Oh, My God! 
Ade: Mr. CO STAN ZA! 
George: Ade, ahh, ahh, ah ... I’m giving you a raise!     New scene. Exterior shot of the restaurant  then inside. George and Jerry are sitting in the normal booth. 
Jerry: So you're having sex and then all of a sudden, you just blurt out “I’m giving you a raise.” 
George: Yeah. 
Jerry: Just a quick sidebar here -- are you in anyway authorized to give raises? 
George: Not that I’m aware of, no. 
Jerry: So you're so grateful to have sex, that you'll just shout out anything that comes into your head. 
George: I didn’t think ahead. 
Jerry: Well maybe she'll just think it was bawdy talk. 
George: I didn’t say any other bawdy things. 
Jerry: Maybe you could have sex with her again and then take it back. 
George: All right, you know you're not any help at all here. I don't know what even the point is of talking to you anymore.   
Jerry: All right, all right. I’m sorry. 
George: Yeah, well, I guess the only thing I can do is go into George Steinbrenner’s office and tell him he has to give her a raise. 
Jerry: How long has she been there? 
George: 3 days. 
Jerry: It's almost a week.   
Jerry: Oh, My god. 
George: What? 
Jerry: It's a movie stub from the 9:30 show. George, I think Willie the dry-cleaner has been wearing my clothes.    Commercial    New scene. Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. , outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning. 
Elaine: These mirrors are skinny mirrors. This is false ... reflecting. And I think, that the department of ... you know, whatever, would be very interested to know what's going on here.  Barney’s sales associate: Well, we're more than happy to exchange it for something else. 
Elaine: OK fine.  I did like that little Calvin Klein number right by the elevator. You know the little ...   Barney’s sales associate: I’ll bring it to your dressing room. 
Elaine: Ok thanks so much.  What are you all dressed up for? 
Kramer: Well Elaine, when you're shopping on Madison Avenue, you don't want to skip on the, swank. 
Elaine: I like your little bag. 
Kramer: Huh, oh hey, look at this.  It's the super hydrating, triple-action moisturizer, hmm. 
Elaine: Huh.   
Kramer: Wait till that Uma smells this Uva.   
Bania: Hey Kramer. 
Kramer: Hey Bania, what's happening?  
Bania: I’m looking for a new suit. I can’t find anything I like. That's a nice suit.  
Kramer: Well, thank you. 
Bania: Did you get that here? 
Kramer: No, this is vintage. They don't make this stuff anymore. 
Bania: You're telling me. 
Kramer: I sure am. 
Bania: It's hard for me to find pants that -- 
Kramer:  That don't make you look high-waisted. 
Bania: Yes 
Kramer: Me too. 
Bania: What size are you? 
Kramer: Uh, 42. 
Bania: 42, That's what I am now. I've been working out, I’m huge. How'd you like to sell it? 
Kramer: make me an offer. 
Bania: 100 Bucks 
Kramer: Surely you jest.  
Bania: 175 
Kramer: Look at the stitching  This is old world craftsmanship. 
Bania: 300 dollars. 
Kramer: Sold. Follow me into the dressing room. 
Bania: You throw the shirt in? 
Kramer: Bania, you're killing me. 
Bania: Hey that's the women's dressing room. 
Kramer: There's nothing in there that I haven't seen before.     New scene. Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium  then to George Steinbrenner’s office. The camera is behind Steinbrenner, looking towards the door. 
George:  Mr. Steinbrenner,  can I talk to you for a second? 
Steinbrenner: Yes yes George. Can you talk to me for a second? Of course you can -- I’m a very accessible man. I just wanted to say you're doing great work on that Canola oil stuff. 
George: Well, you know, to be honest sir -- my, my new secretary Ade, came up with that one. 
Steinbrenner: Ade, Ade, I like that name George. 
George: She supports her whole family.  
Steinbrenner: Is that a fact George? 
George: Yes, In fact, her mother is in the hospital right now. It's some kind of a Diverticulitis.  
Steinbrenner: I had a bout of that myself one time -- knocked me right on my ass. 
George: She can’t even afford to go out to lunch. She's been eating in a high school cafeterias She pretends to be a teacher. It's pathetic. 
Steinbrenner: What's that cost her, like, two and a quarter?  
George: You know what I was just thinking -- she could really use a raise.   
Steinbrenner: You know, she'd be better off making a sandwich at home and bringing it in.  Hello, ah, George will you excuse me.    New scene. Daylight exterior shot of Barney’s department store windows, with traffic driving by -- then to Elaine in the dressing room -- she is almost done dressing in the Calvin Klein dress. Kramer climbs up the wall of his dressing room adjacent to Elaine's -- we see his head, top of his bare chest, arm and both hands over the top of Elaine's’ dressing room wall -- he is looking down at her. 
Kramer: Psst. Hey.   
Elaine: Kramer, what are you doing here? 
Kramer: Listen, I need you to get me some clothes. 
Elaine: What? 
Kramer: Yeah, I just sold my suit to Bania for a cool three-hundred. 
Elaine: So go buy a new one. 
Kramer: What, at this place? It would destroy my whole profit margin. 
Elaine: So. 
Kramer: Listen do me a favor -- just call Jerry, tell him to bring me some clothes. 
Elaine: Ouhhh     New scene. Exterior shot of the Dry Cleaners store front, then to the interior -- Jerry enters as a female customer is leaving the counter with her dry-cleaning . 
Jerry: Hello, Willie. 
Willie: Hey, Jerry. You dropping off? 
Jerry: No, but ah, seen any good movies lately? 
Willie: You came by to ask that? 
Jerry: Yeah. Specifically 9:30 shows. Seen any good 9:30 shows at the Paragon, Willie? 
Willie: What are you gettin at? 
Jerry: I saw you the other night stepping out with my Hounds-Tooth jacket. 
Willie: Jerry that's a breach of the dry-cleaner’s code. 
Jerry: You need a code to tell you not to wear peoples’ clothes 
Willie: I wasn't wearing your jacket. Jerry you're imagining things.  
Jerry: Yeahhh, am I imagining this?  Found this little cutie in the pocket.  
Willie: Jerry. 
Jerry: Yeah, Yeah. Well, now that we understand each other -- I’ll be taking my business elsewhere. And I want my mother's fur coat back too. 
Willie: Jerry, come on. 
Jerry: Now. 
Willie: Now?    
Jerry: Yeah. I want that coat.  
Willie: Well ... ahh.  
Jerry: Where's that ticket? Oh, Kramer. 
Willie: Wait, you, you mean to tell me you don't have a ticket for the coat? 
Jerry: No, not on me. 
Willie: Well, I, I need to see that ticket. 
Jerry: Why? I've got my cleaning before without a ticket. 
Willie: Yeah, but this is different. Those fur storage warehouses are huge. You can’t, get anything without a number. 
Jerry: All right, I’ll be back.    New scene. Elaine inside Barney’s, she stands in front of a full length mirror. The sales associate behind her, giving advice on the dress. 
Elaine: Yeah it looks good here, but what does that mean?  Barney’s sales associate: So, uh, do you want it? 
Elaine: I don't know, I have to think about it.  I need a nonpartisan mirror.       New scene. Daytime exterior of Yankee Stadium, then inside to George Costanza’s office. 
Ade: I can’t thank you enough, Mr. Costanza. I’m so grateful 
George: Yes, well, I sat down with Mr. Steinbrenner. I told him you have been doing great work. I said that you deserved a raise, and if you didn’t get it, that I, was leaving.  
Ade: It was just so generous. 
George: Oh, well, don't worry about it -- he's got plenty of money.  
Ade: Oh I know, but Twenty Five Thousand. 
George:  So you got a $25,000 a year raise. 
Ade: Yes, I tell you, Mr. Steinbrenner... 
George: You're making more than I am. 
Ade: I am? 
George: What are you doing? You're making more than I am. A secretary cannot make more than her boss. 
Ade: Well apparently they can.    New scene. Elaine, in the Calvin Klein dress, is walking outside along the sidewalk, snow along the curb and store fronts -- It's obvious she is cold without a coat. She checks out her reflection in a florist's window, then stops at the Love, Health & Beauty Aids store, where the reflection is more like a mirror in the alcove of the store. 
Elaine: Oh, this is insanity. I’m not this hippie.    
Elaine: Hey, what do you think of this? 
Man: : You'll never pull it off.    New scene. Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.  Female customer: Hey, what's going on in there?   
Jerry:  Excuse me, could you tell me where I could find, like, women's moisturizer lotions?    Female customer: This woman has been in there for over an hour.    Barney’s sales associate: Excuse me Miss., Is everything ok in there? 
Kramer:     
Jerry: Kramer? 
Kramer: Oh, Jerry, you got my clothes? 
Jerry: What clothes? 
Kramer: Didn’t Elaine call you? 
Jerry: No. 
Kramer: Well what are you doing here? 
Jerry: What am I doing here? You're in the women's dressing room. I need that ticket stub back so I can get my mother's fur coat out. 
Kramer: Oh, the stub, yeah. I left it in my, my pants 
Jerry: Where are your pants? 
Kramer: Well, I sold them to Bania. 
Jerry: What? You sold your pants to Bania. Let me in.   
Jerry: Why'd you sell your pants to Bania? 
Kramer: ouhhh -- I had Uma Therman’s number written on that stub. I lost Uma’s number. 
Jerry: Where are your clothes? 
Kramer: I told you I sold them to Bania. 
Jerry: You mean what you were wearing? 
Kramer: Yeah. 
Jerry: How'd you expect to get out of here? 
Kramer: Well, I didn’t think ahead.    
Elaine: This isn't going to work for me ... so if you could show me something else.  Barney’s sales associate: No. 
Elaine: No?  Barney’s sales associate: No, because you're taking that one. 
Elaine: I am?  Barney’s sales associate: Yes. Because you wore it out of the store. 
Elaine: Ha! That's preposterous.  Barney’s sales associate: I suppose that salt stain came from all the snow in the store.    Barney’s sales associate: Shall I wrap it or will you wear it out? 
Elaine: No. You can wrap it.  Kramer, are you still in there? 
Jerry:  
Elaine: Jerry?   
Bania: Elaine, where's Kramer? 
Kramer: Bania? 
Bania: Kramer. 
Jerry: I’m going out.  
Bania: Jerry. 
Jerry: Bania. 
Bania: Kramer, I want my money back for this suit. You're nancy-boy cream leaked all over the pockets -- Suits ruined. 
Kramer: Well you're not getting any money back.  Jerry, come back in here. 
Jerry:  Excuse me.  
Kramer: Uma’s number is on that ticket. 
Jerry: Never mind Uma, I need that ticket to get my mother's fur coat back. Why don't you just give him the money for the suit? 
Kramer: I’m not going to give him $300 now for a suit with moisturizer cream all over it. 
Jerry: I got an idea. 
Kramer: What? 
Jerry: I can’t believe I’m gonna do this.  
Jerry: Bania can I talk to you for a second? How's everything going? 
Bania: Pretty good. 
Jerry: Yeah, well, see the thing of it is, I’m in a bit of an awkward position here. Because, uhh, I don't want to get in between you two guys but ... I need a dry-cleaning ticket that's in the pocket of those pants. 
Bania: Well all you gotta do is tell Kramer to give me my money back, and you'll get your ticket. 
Jerry: Yeah, yeah all right, well uh ... tell you what I will do Bania -- you give me the ticket, and uh, I will take you out for a nice dinner. 
Bania: Can we go back to Mendy’s? 
Jerry: You want to go to Mendy’s, I’ll take you to Mendy’s. 
Bania: Twice? I wanna go twice. 
Jerry: all right let’s be reasonable, Bania. I’m taking you out for a nice dinner. All I want is a little ticket in that pocket. I think it's a pretty good deal. 
Bania: Two Mendy’s. 
Jerry: . . . All right  Just give me the ticket. 
Bania: Here you go. 
Jerry: Ohh ...     New scene. Exterior of yankee Stadium  then to George Steinbrenner’s office. George Costanza stands pleading his case. 
George: But Mr. Steinbrenner, how can I be expected to perform my job properly, knowing that my uh, subordinate is making more money than I am? With all due respect sir, it's outta whack. 
Steinbrenner: Uh huh, I understand what you're saying George and I know what it's like to be financially strapped. When I was a young man in Cleveland I use to hitchhike to work. One time I got picked up by a bakery truck. You think that stuff smells good? Try being cooped up in the back of one of those babies.   
Steinbrenner: I couldn't look at a donut for the next two years. Well not that I was ever one for the sweets.   
Steinbrenner: Sure I like a cup cake every now and then, like everybody else. You know I like it when they have a little cream on the inside, it's a surprise. That's good, plus the chocolate ones are good too. Sometimes I just can’t even make up my mind. A lot of times I’ll mix the two together, make a vanilla fudge.    New scene. Jerry stands outside the Barney’s dressing room door that Kramer is waiting in. Jerry quickly knocks on the door. 
Jerry: Let me in, it's me.  Here. You don't know what this is costing me.  
Kramer:  All right, nice work.  Where's Uma’s number? The moisturizer smudged out the phone number. 
Jerry:  The dry-cleaning numbers are gone too. 
Kramer:  It must have been the botanical extracts. 
Jerry:  Give me that.   
Jerry: Hey Bania, the dinners off. The ticket's no good. The numbers are all smudged out.  
Bania:  You trying to get out of Mendy’s? you can’t do that. 
Jerry: The ticket is worthless. 
Bania: You promised me.   
Jerry: Hey, Isn't that my mother's fur coat?   
Donna: No it's not.  
Jerry: It is!  Give me that back. 
Donna: No, what are you talking about.   
Donna: Are you out of your mind? Don't you ... take your hands ... 
Jerry: You can’t have that coat, it's not yours.   
Jerry: What do you think the dry-cleaner’s is your own personal closet!    ** Continuity Error -- as she walks up to Elaine, Donna is now holding her long purse strap in her right hand only, then switches it to her left hand and puts the strap over her left shoulder. The purse hangs below her left hip. She just had placed the long purse strap over her shoulder as she left the dressing room area walking away from Jerry. ** 
Elaine: Donna, do you think you can get the salt stain out of this?  
Donna: Let me see.  Piece of cake. Bring it in.  What size is it? 
Elaine:    New scene. The camera fades from the previous scene to the winter sidewalk outside.  L-R Kramer, Elaine and Jerry walk silently in the cold. Above their heads in the background is a sign that reads “KalSigns” -- I believe this is an homage to Jerry's  father that owned a sign company.  Kramer is wearing Jerry's mother's fur coat. It is obviously too small for his large frame -- the arms are way too short. The coat comes down to his mid thigh. He has no pants on. He wears shoes and white socks. He looks ridiculous, uncomfortable and cold.  Elaine is wearing a long winter overcoat, carrying her Calvin Klein dress in a garment bag over her left arm. Jerry has both hands in the pockets of his winter jacket he is wearing a scarf that he had on earlier in the store.  Kramer looks around as he walks along. He tries to button or close up the coat to the best of his ability, but nothing changes. As the scene ends, the fur coat opens slightly at the bottom and you can see his white boxer shorts     New scene. The camera fades from the previous scene to an exterior shot of Mendy’s Restaurant at dusk, then inside to Bania and Jerry dining at a table. 
Bania: Mmm. This soup is great. 
Jerry: Yeah, it's very good.  
Bania: I told you Mendy’s had the best pea soup. The best Jerry, the best. Are you enjoying it? 
Jerry: Yeah. I’m having a wonderful time.  
Bania: Wait till you try the swordfish. You know Jerry, I was thinking. For our next meal, do you think we should come here ... or should we go someplace else? You know it has it's pros and cons. On the one hand, here, you're guaranteed a great meal. On the other hand -- 
Jerry:  Yeah, yeah I know. This would be good, but it would be the same. But if we go some place else, it would be different, but it might not be as good. It's a gamble. I get it. 
Bania: Yeah. Well, let’s hurry up and eat I gotta get out of here. I’m meeting a woman for a drink. 
Jerry: Oh, and who might that be? 
Bania: Some woman named Uma. I got her number off of that ticket before it was smudged. Hope she's good-looking. 