George: Jerry it's funny , Paula and I actually met because of Elaine. 
Paula: Elaine is in my drawing class at the new school 
George: ..And I went down there one time to see... 
Jerry:  A nude model. 
George: If Elaine wanted to get some coffee. 
Jerry: You know I went out once with a nude model. Never let me see her naked. Hundreds of people see  her naked every week, except me. Needless to say it was quite vexing. 
George: Are you through? 
Jerry: Yeah! 
George: So Anyway, I started to compliment Elaine on her sketches and it turns out,they're Paula's. 
Paula: George, I just like to doodle  Jerry picks up a pecan that his girlfriend had just masticated. 
George: Oh! Dropped a napkin... Jerry! 
Jerry: What? 
George: What are you doing?...She had those nuts in her mouth , she just spit them out. 
Jerry:  OooH!!! You. you ate these? You sucked on these and put them on the plate? 
Shelly: Well I didn't know you were gonna eat them? 
Jerry: Soo... 
Shelly: I'm sorry you find me so repulsive? 
Jerry: No ,no I don't, I mean, Don't be silly.. 
Shelly: Yeah! 
Jerry: It's just... 
Shelly: Well, hem ,if you'll excuse me I think I'll just go to the ladies room. 
Paula: I'll join you. 
Jerry: Oh! man did you see that. I ate discarded food. 
George: Well I've done that. 
Jerry: Yeah, but with you it's intentional. 
George: Haven't you kissed her? 
Jerry: Yeah, but this is different , this is like ,you know, semi digested food stuff. You know the next stop  is the stomach and you can take it from there. 
George: Excuse me just for a second.   Jerry; AH. Yes that's gonna make a big difference. 
George: This is dating , you can't leave anything to chance. 
Jerry: Hey ,You think that Shelly's upset that I made such a big deal about the pecan. 
George: Hehummm , Yeah! 
Jerry: Thanks. 
George: No problem.   
Shelly: Well Jerry , I guess we should get going . 
Jerry: Ah! boy. 
George: Well , it was very nice meeting you Shelly and Jerry be careful ,there's a lot of nuts out there.   All right you have everything? 
Paula: Can you grab my purse. 
George: Yeah.( reaches for the purse and finds a piece of paper . he looks annoyed.  
Jerry: Yeah! So  George; Don't you see what this is? 
Jerry: Yeah! It's a doodle. 
George: Yeah!, a doodle of me...look at the size of the nose , the ears, all my features are distorted. 
Jerry: Oh!.It's an affectionate caricature. 
George: I'm grotesque . I look like a troll. 
Jerry: It's just a drawing. 
George: Don't you see what this says? How can you possibly like somebody ,if you think they look like this? 
Elaine: What is with him? 
Jerry: the usual 
Elaine: So, you know what? My friend Judy recommended me for a job at Viking Press. 
Jerry: Good for you 
Elaine: Yeah! But get this. Viking has a deal with the Plaza Hotel, they got a two bedroom suite, there ,  for out-of-town clients...So guess what I did? 
Jerry: Oh! Come on, you told them you're from out-of-town just so you could stay in a hotel room.    
Elaine: I know, I know Jerry.. but it's The Plazaaa... I've never stayed there .It'll be like a little vacation 
Jerry: Well be sure to catch a Broadway show while you're in town. 
Elaine: Listen, I've used your parents address in Florida. 
Jerry: Oh! There coming to town tomorrow by the way. 
Elaine: Hey. What's this.?. 
Jerry: Don't ask.    
Elaine: What is it ..A drawing of Mr. Magoo 
Jerry: No ,it's George   
Elaine: It is..    
George: You enjoying yourself?  
Elaine: Sorry. 
George: You see. You see! Listen when is your next drawing class? 
Elaine: Tomorrow . 
George: All right, I want you to do me a favor. 
Elaine: What? 
George: I want you to find out is she likes me. 
Elaine: Find out if likes you?. What, are you in High School?...George come on can't you just talk to her yourself? 
George: But she's gonna know that I like her more than she likes me. 
Jerry: You know my parents are coming in and I got some clean up to do , so if you and Potsie are done scheming....    
Kramer: Well, they're in... 
Jerry: What's in? 
Kramer: The MACANAW PEACHES ,Jerry , the MACANAW PEACHES!!!!    
Jerry: Aah! .. right. The ones from Oregon that are only ripe for two weeks a year.. 
Kramer: Yeah Yeah I split a case with Newman..I waited all year for this.. Oooh this is fantastic..  Makes your taste buds come alive....It's like having a circus in your mouth.....Take a taste 
Jerry: Nah, I don't wanna    
Kramer: Come on ,Just take a taste 
Jerry: I don't want it.. 
Kramer: Come on JUST TASTE!!! 
Jerry: I DON'T WANT IT .... 
Kramer: HE..YA. AYA. AYYYYYAAAAA!!!! 
Jerry: I am not gonna taste your peach. I ate some one's pecan last night, I'm not gonna eat your peach. 
Kramer: Jerry , this is a miracle of nature that exists for a brief period. It's like the Aurora Borealis. 
Jerry: ..What is this? 
Kramer: What? 
Jerry: Yeah! I think I got flea bites. 
Kramer: Flea bites? 
Jerry: Look at this, my ankle's all bitten up. 
Kramer: You got a dog? 
Jerry: No. 
Kramer: Well, that is strange. 
Jerry: How could I have fleas? 
Kramer: Don't sweat it buddy...I used to have fleas. 
Jerry: What did you do about them? 
Kramer: What do you mean?...     Jerry's parents come through the door. 
Morty: Hey guys . Jerry . Kramer 
Helen: Hi Jerry......What's wrong? 
Jerry: Nothing... 
Helen: Jerry, I'm your mother, now what is it? 
Jerry: Mom, Dad.....I have fleas..     Elaine's drawing class    
Elaine: Hey Paula!.. I hear you been going out with George Costanza? 
Paula: How did you know?? 
Elaine: Everybody knows. y'know George told me he thinks you're totally cute and everything. 
Paula: He said that? 
Elaine: Ha hum...Do you like George? 
Paula: Yeaaah! he's cool. 
Elaine: No I mean...Do you like him or do you like him like him? 
Paula: Like like.. looks aren't important to me ,you know?    
Teacher: Miss Benes , Are you chewing gum? 
Elaine:  HumHummmm....       
Karl: Yep!...In your bedroom too Mr. Seinfeld. You've got a full outbreak of fleas on your hands. 
jerry: I don't get this. How did this happen. I don't have a dog. 
Karl: I don't explain 'em Mr. Seinfeld. I just exterminate them. 
Jerry: I don't understand this.. 
Karl: I 'm gonna have to seal the place up for 48 hours and fog it. That's the only way to get rid of them. 
Jerry: Nobody can be in here for 48 hours, I got my parents in town. 
Karl: Well , unless you want to kill them. They can't stay in here. This stuff is pretty toxic. I'll go get my  stuff, it's in the truck. 
Jerry: Okay..  Elaine comes in 
Elaine: Hi....???  Jerry; Bug guy. 
Elaine: Why do you have a bug guy? 
Jerry: I have fleas. 
Elaine: Argh.. Fleas  How did you get fleas? 
Jerry: I don't know...But every one's got to clear out of the apartment for two days. I don't know what I'm  gonna do with my parents. they'll never let me pay for a hotel and if they go to someplace on their  own I'm sure it's gonna be some awful dump. Wait a second.. Have you checked in The Plaza yet? 
Elaine: No....Oh No.... 
Jerry: Come on,c'mon 
Elaine: No, No... 
Jerry: c'mon ,c'mon.... 
Elaine: No, No... 
Jerry: c'mon, c'mon.... 
Elaine: No, No....Yesss!!!!!! 
Jerry: Yes!!!   
Jerry: Yes!!! 
George: yeah! 
Elaine: Well what about you. Where you gonna stay? 
Jerry: I dunno , I'm gonna ask Shelley ,but she still might be upset from the masticated pecan incident. 
Elaine: Hey!! I found out from Paula; She likes George. I'll bet he'll be relieved. 
Jerry: Yeah.. When he's dead he'll be relieved... Oh by the way Viking Press sent a Fedex for you to  my parents. They brought it with 'em. 
Elaine: Yeah that's just some stuff about the company. 
George: Hum.. Hey! did you talk to Paula? 
Elaine: Yeah. 
George: So what did she say? 
Elaine: She...likes you.. 
George: She said she liked me. No kiddin' she said that? 
Elaine: Ya! 
George: Those were her exact words, I like George. 
Elaine: Yep! 
George: Ha Haaaaaaa... Jerry how do you like that.You see I get myself in a dizzy, I'm all worked up and for what? 
Elaine: For nothing.. 
George: ha Ha.. 
Elaine: In fact she said that looks aren't even that important to her... 
George: You see.....WHAT!! 
Elaine: Ah Oh!! 
George: She said looks aren't important to her? 
Elaine: Well..hum...let me rephrase that, She said.... 
George: She thinks I'm ugly. I knew it.  Jerry; You see the thing of it is, there's a lot of ugly people out there walking around, but they don't know they're  ugly, because nobody actually tells them. 
George: .....So what's your point? 
Jerry: I dunno... 
Elaine: Okay.. The point , George, is she likes you. 
George: Oh!, so what. I'd rather she hate me and thought I was good looking....At least I can get somebody else.   What is this? Why am I itching? 
jerry: That'd be the fleas. 
Jerry: Hey!!! 
Morty: Hey! I do you like this? Huh, huh! 
Helen: Oh! my god, Morty lets go, this is too nice. 
Morty: Hey! This is the kind of room Sinatra stays in. Hey! look , Macadamian nuts. 
Helen: Macadamian nuts? 
Morty: Hey! You know what these cost, they're like 80 cents a nut.  Helen; Jerry, are you sure this all right? 
Jerry: Yeah! it's all taken care of. 
Morty:  Hey!!! They got a phone in the john here.    
Elaine: Judy . 
judy: Hey!!!!. 
Elaine: Hi, Thank you so much for recommending me to Viking Press . 
Judy: It is my pleasure , just make sure you give that manuscript a good read. 
Elaine: Manuscript? 
Judy: Yeah. I'm sure they Fedexed you a manuscript. They want to see that you can read  an unpublished work and give insightful criticism. 
Elaine: Oooh!! 
Judy: Read it twice if you have to. This is a big step in your career. 
Elaine: Yeah! hmmm..I gotta go.. 
Judy: Hey! What about lunch? 
Elaine:  I gotta gooo...    
Elaine: Thank god I found you.. 
Jerry: Oh! Hey! 
Elaine: You still got that Fedex? 
Jerry: Yeah! I got it . It's in the apartment, but we can't go in there it's being fumigated. 
Elaine: No I'll take my chances. Come on...     
Jerry: You see? 
Elaine: Jerry , I need that Fedex right now.. 
Jerry: I told you to take it. 
Elaine: Well, I didn't know that it was a manuscript that I had to read... 
Jerry: Well, You can't go in there it's like a gas chamber in there.      
Kramer: I left a Macanaw peach in your refrigerator. 
Jerry: Kramer, they're fumigating. There's toxic gas in there. 
Kramer: Toxic gas!!! 
Jerry: Aw! You'll be fine, you were in there for what , a couple of minutes. 
Kramer: An hour and a half!!! I was reading a manuscript, I just couldn't put it down. 
Elaine: My manuscript? 
Jerry: How do you feel? 
Kramer: Now that you mention it , a little woozy. 
Elaine: Kramer You got go back in there grab my manuscript. 
Kramer: I'm not going back in there!! 
Elaine: all right then, where is it?? 
Kramer: I left it on the coffee table or somethin' 
Jerry: Well wh..wh.what are you doing? 
Elaine: I'm going in . 
Jerry: Didn't you see the sign on the door? 
Kramer: Well I thought it was so your parents wouldn't walk in while you're with a girl.     
Elaine:  It's not on any table, Kramer. Where is it? 
Kramer: Well I don't know . I was in the bathroom , the kitchen... 
Elaine: Okay... bathroom....kitchen. 
Jerry: Can you get me a soda?     Elaine goes back in 
Kramer: Jerry, I had some milk, I made a sandwich. I got to get out of the building.       
Elaine:  I couldn't find it anywhere. How did you get fleas anyway? 
Jerry: I don't know. Who could've been in my apartment. 
Elaine: I 've looked everywhere , even under the couch but all I could find were the stupid Chunky wrappers.  I couldn't.... 
Jerry: Wait a minute . Did you say chunky wrappers? 
Elaine: Yeah! 
Jerry: Let me see those.  Oh! I know the chunky that left these Chunkies......NEWMAN!!!  I've got him.
Jerry: Newman . Open the door, Newman, I know you're in there. 
Newman: Hello jerry. What a pleasant surprise. 
Jerry: There's nothing pleasant about it, so lets just cut the crap.. You gave me fleas. I know it and you know it.. 
Newman: Fleas? Bwa ha ha ha ha .That's preposterous. How can I , give you fleas. Now if you don't mind... 
Jerry: Oh! but I do. There's probably fleas crawling all over your little snack bar.  
Newman: So , you have fleas. Maybe you keep your house in a state of disrepair. Maybe you live in  squaller. 
Jerry: You know Newman , the thing about fleas is that they irritate the skin and they start to...itch.  Oh! maybe you can hold out five seconds or ten, maybe fifteen or twenty but after a while, no matter  how much will power a person may have. It won't matter, because they're crawling , crawling on your skin.  Up your legs , up your spine , up your back..... 
Newman:  Baaaaaaaaarrhhhhhhhhhhh....I'm ripped with fleas      
Morty: Oh! Oh! That feels good. Hey! This guy charges a hundred bucks an hour but I'm telling ya  he's worth every penny OOOOHH! 
Helen: I'm next. 
Morty: Hey! Leo, get this, four movies at once; Pay Per View. 
Leo: I love these nuts. 
Nana: This Champagne's gone flat.  
Helen: Nana!!! 
Nana: He Ha Ha Ha...Let the chambermaid clean it up     
George: Hello.. 
Paula: What's the matter?... 
George: Well I spoke to Elaine... 
Paula: Hey! Look , no shave. 
George: No...Why should that make any difference to you? 
Paula: It doesn't.. 
George: Of course not. You don't care what I look like. 
Paula: That's right I don't. 
George: I suppose I could just pull this out and walk around like this and you wouldn't care? 
Paula: Not a wit. 
George: Hu humm? i suppose we could go to Lincoln Center and I'd be wearing sneakers and jeans and that  would be fine too. 
Paula: You can wear sweatpants. 
George: I could.. 
Paula:  You could drape yourself in velvet, for all I care. 
George: Velvet...     Monks    
Elaine: Did you read the whole thing? 
Kramer: Oh! yeah. 
Elaine: Huh . So What's it about? 
Kramer: Well it's a story about love, deception, greed, lust and...unbridled enthusiasm. 
Elaine: unbridled enthusiasm...? 
Kramer: Well , that's what led to Billy Mumphrey's downfall. 
Elaine: Oh! boy. 
Kramer: You see Elaine, Billy was a simple country boy. You might say a cockeyed optimist,  who got himself mixed up in the high stakes game of world diplomacy and international intrigue. 
Elaine: Oh! my God. 
Kramer: ah! Here we go. 
Elaine:  can I have a scotch on the rocks. 
Kramer: May I.. 
Elaine:  Yeah! go ahead. 
Kramer: what is this? 
Elaine: What? What are you doin'?  
Kramer: I can't taste this. 
Elaine: What are you talking about? 
Kramer: This food ,it has no taste......nothin' I'm gettin' nothin'... It must be the toxic gas  from the fumigation......     At Shelley's    
Jerry: Hey, thanks a lot for lettin' me stay here. 
Shelley: Well, I don't keep pecans in the house so I didn't think it'd be a problem. 
Jerry:  ...Oh! Damn.. 
Shelley: What's the matter? 
Jerry: I forgot my toothbrush. 
Shelley: Oh! no problem.....You can use mine. 
Jerry: Yours?....You know what I'll think I'll brush later. 
Shelley: Brush now. 
Jerry: .......Sure.         Kramer and Newman who is coming out of the market eating a peach.       
Kramer: Newman ,Let me have a bite of your Macanaw.. 
Newman: What for, you got your own. 
Kramer: Come on ,c'mon i need to taste it. .....Nothin' , Can't even taste a Macanaw. 
Newman:  Well that's a shame. 
Kramer: Waited all year and I can't even taste it.. 
Newman: You can't taste 'em . Why waste 'em . Why not give them all to me.     At Viking Press.    
Elaine: It's a story about love , deception ,greed , lust and.... unbridled enthusiasm . 
Mandel: Unbridled enthusiasm. 
Elaine: Yeah!..tha..that's right. that That's what led to... Billy Mumphrey's downfall. 
Mandel: hmmm...interesting take. So you believe, has he not been so enthusiastic he could have adverted  disaster. 
Elaine: Yes...Ye..Yes..That's right...You see ,Billy Mumphrey was a simple country boy. Some might say a  cockeyed optimist, who got caught up in the dirty game of world diplomacy and International intrigue. 
Mandel: So.. It was more a question of attitude than politics.. 
Elaine: Yes, yes Mr. Mandel.     Plaza Hotel    
Morty: Hey! Under Siege is on again. Whose up for it? 
Leo: No more nuts. Awrghh.....     Monks. George walks in wearing velvet.       
Jerry: Oh! my god. What the hell is this? ..... Don't tell me.......Velvet!!! 
George: It's the real deal. 
Jerry: She's seen you in this thing. 
George: That's right...We just had sex......You know Jerry I've been searching for someone a long time.  Well the search is over. 
Jerry: And now the search for the right psychiatrist begins. 
George: He he...So huh! What's with the suitcase. 
Jerry: Ahh! She threw me out. 
George: Why? 
Jerry: I wouldn't use her toothbrush. 
George: So where are you staying? 
Jerry: Well I guess I'm stuck with the Velvet Fog.        
Mandel: Three hours of massage time , twelve in-room movies including several adult features, five shoe  shines and four hundred dolars worth of snacks. Not to mention the damage to the room. 
Elaine: Mr Mandel, you don't understand ...my my friend had fleas. I ran into the gas , it could have killed  me, and my, my other friend couldn't taste his peaches ,they only good for two weeks. 
Mandel: I think , you've read, one too many, Billy Mumphrey stories. Good day Miss Benes. 
Elaine: Okay...Good day..  Monks again.George comes in eating a Macanaw peach. 
Paula: Hi George. 
George:  Hi, this is fantastic D'you ever had a Macanaw peach? 
Paula: Oh! yeah I love those. 
George: Too bad , it's all done.     Paula takes the pit and puts it in her mouth. George stares in disbelief , then disgust.  Kramer is about to lick an envelope he is about to send.    
Kramer: ya....Yes!....Yes! it's back I can taste again.  Hey! What's the date today? 
Passerby: The fifteenth. 
Kramer: Fifteenth , Yes last day for the Macanaws. I can still make it. Wait.. Newman... 
Newman: Sorry , last one . Would you want to suck the pit? 
Kramer:  Look Hubert. It's the mailman. You remember the mailman don't you.    
Elaine:  Hello is anybody here?.. 
Leo: They said they were sending an Asian woman. 
Elaine: Oh! my God.