George: Take toilet paper for example. Do you realize that toilet paper has not changed in my lifetime? It's just paper on a cardboard roll, that's it.  And in ten thousand years, it will still be exactly the same because really, what else can they do?  
Siena: That's true. There really has been no development in toilet paper. 
George: And everything else has changed. But toilet paper is exactly the same, and will be so until we're dead. 
Siena: Yeah, you're right George. What else can they do? 
George: It's just paper on a roll, that's it. And that's all it will ever be. 
Siena: Wow. 
George: You find this interesting, don't you? 
Siena: Yes. yes, I do.  They stare at each other for a moment, then embrace.   
Elaine : Oh, thanks very much, the soup was really good. 
Jerry: What are you telling him for? 
Elaine: What? 
Jerry: He's the busboy, you think he cares about the soup? 
Elaine: Yeah, why? Wouldn't he want the soup to be good? 
Jerry: Elaine, it's all this guy can do to keep from killing himself. You think he's back there, talking to the chef, going, "Hey, they like the soup!  Keep it up!"? 
Elaine: Hey, isn't that Alec Berg? 
Jerry: Yep, Alec Berg. He's got a good 'John Houseman' name. Alec Beeerg.  Mr. Beeerg. 
Elaine: I can't stand him, he is so pretentious. 
Jerry: John Houseman? 
Elaine: No, Alec Berg.  Alec : Elaine! 
Elaine: Hi! 
Alec: Hi, how are you? Jerry. 
Jerry: Hi, Alec. 
Alec: Did you hear about Gary Fogel? 
Jerry: Yeah. 
Alec: You gonna go to the funeral on Friday? 
Jerry: Yeah, hey did I see you on TV at the Ranger game? Were those your seats right behind the glass? 
Alec: Those are them, yeah. Season tickets. Uh, you know, unfortunately I can't go tonight, so they're available if you'd like to use them. 
Jerry: Oh, I'd love to, are you sure? 
Alec: Absolutely, you just call my secretary, she'll arrange everything. 
Jerry: Gee thanks! Thanks a lot! 
Alec: It's my pleasure. Be good.  You know, I actually might not use them on Friday either so I'll let you know. 
Jerry: Alright, thanks again. 
Elaine: Thank you very much. 
Jerry: Really, thank you.  
Jerry: Well what about these nitwits that get on a plane with nothing to read?  You know who these people are? 
Elaine: Who? 
Jerry: These are the people that want to talk to you. They got nothing else to do, why not disturb you? 
Elaine: I will never understand people. 
Jerry: They're the worst.  George enters, carrying a bouquet of flowers and singing. 
George: Something's up, there's something in the air. 
Jerry: Well, what is with you? 
George: Well, I think this is it. 
Elaine: What's it? 
George: I saw Siena again. 
Elaine: Siena? 
Jerry: Yeah, he's dating a crayon. 
George: We discussed toilet paper. 
Jerry: Toilet paper? 
George: Yeah, I told her how toilet paper hasn't changed in my lifetime, and probably wouldn't change in the next fifty thousand years and she was fascinated, fascinated! 
Jerry: What are you talking about? 
Elaine: Yeah. 
Jerry: Toilet paper's changed. 
Elaine: Yeah. 
Jerry: It's softer. 
Elaine: Softer. 
Jerry: More sheets per roll 
Elaine: Sheets. 
Jerry: Comes in a wide variety of colors. 
Elaine: Colors. 
George: Ok, ok, fine! It's changed, it's not really the point. Anyway, I'm thinking of making a big move. 
Jerry: What? 
George: I might tell her that I love her. I came this close last night, then I just chickened out. 
Jerry: Well, that's a big move, Georgie boy. Are you confident in the 'I love you' return? 
George: Fifty-fifty. 
Jerry: Cause if you don't get that return, that's a pretty big matzoh ball hanging out there. 
George: Aw, I've just got to say it once, everybody else gets to say it, why can't I say it? 
Elaine: What, you never said it? 
George: Once, to a dog. He licked himself and left the room. 
Jerry: Well, so it wasn't a total loss.  Kramer enters. 
Kramer: Hey. 
Jerry: Hey, I forgot to tell you! I got tickets to the Rangers-Devils playoff game tonight! 
Kramer: Oh, I'm there, Monongahela! 
Jerry: What about you, George? 
George: Eh eh eh, can't do it, can't do it, sorry, I got a date. 
Kramer: So, so. 
George: Oh no no no, if you must know, I would rather be with her than go to the game. 
Kramer: She must be a very special lady, huh George, yeah. 
Jerry: Well, what do I do with the extra ticket? 
Elaine: Oh hey, can I bring David Puddy? He's a big Devils' fan. 
Jerry: Sure, fine with me. 
George: Hey, by the way, if anybody wants an inside tour of the zoo, Siena works there as a trainer. 
Kramer: So she works at the zoo? 
George: Yeah, yeah. 
Kramer: Yeah, like Diane Fosse. You know she's the only person that's ever been accepted into gorilla society. And you know, once those gorillas accept you, you got it made in the shade.  
Elaine: So how long have you been a Devils' fan?  Puddy : Since I was a kid, I'm from Jersey. 
Elaine: Yeah? Well, we're gonna kick your butts tonight. 
Puddy: Hey, no way, man. 
Elaine: Yes. 
Puddy: We're primed. 
Elaine: Alright, you almost ready? Cause Jerry and Kramer are gonna be here any second.  Puddy enters wearing a Devils' jersey and red and green paint all over his face. 
Elaine: What the-- 
Puddy: So what do you think? 
Elaine: What is that? 
Puddy: I painted my face.  Elaine : You painted your face? 
Puddy: Yeah. 
Elaine: Why? 
Puddy: You know, support the team. 
Elaine: Well, you can't walk around like that. 
Puddy: Why not? 
Elaine: Because it's insane? 
Puddy: Hey, you gotta let them know you're out there, this is the playoffs.  There's a knock at the door, Puddy answers it. It's Jerry and Kramer. Kramer enters first and does a typical 'Kramer take' when he sees Puddy's painted face.  He recovers quickly. 
Kramer: Hey. 
Puddy: Hey. 
Elaine: Dave, um, painted his face. 
Kramer: Yeah, that's cool. Well, you gotta support your team. 
Puddy: Ok, ready to go? 
Kramer: Yeah.  Puddy : LET'S GET IT ON!!! Alright!! Go Devils!! Go Devils!! Let's go Devils!!  
Puddy: You're dead, Messier! We're gonna get you, Messier!  Fan #1: Will you sit down? 
Puddy: Hey man, I'm just trying to support the team. 
Elaine: Will you sit down? You're disturbing everybody. Sit down! 
Puddy: Oh yeah, because you're a Ranger fan and you know I'm messing with their heads.  Just then the Devils score a goal and Puddy is back up, banging the glass. 
Puddy: Go Devils!!   
Radio Announcer: Devils goal! Stephan Richer scores from just inside the blue line! And the Devils take--  
George: You know, I could have actually gone to that. 
Siena: So why didn't you? 
George: Well, I didn't want to break our date. 
Siena: Oh, well. 
George: Because I... I love you. 
Siena: You know, I'm hungry. Let's get something to eat.   
Puddy: Ha ha! We took it to you! You couldn't get it out of your zone all night. We were aggressive, we didn't let you penetrate! 
Kramer: Alright, that's enough out of you, there's still three more games left in this series, my friend, and it's far from being over. Very far from being over.   Watch out!  The car stops just short of hitting Puddy. There's an old priest in the passenger seat.  
Puddy : Hey, what are you doing?! Watch where you're driving, man!  Don't mess with the Devils, buddy. We're number one, we beat anybody! We're the Devils! The Devils!! Haaaa!!!  Puddy runs away, leaving the old priest shaken.  
Father Hernandez: El Diablo! Dios mio! El Diablo!!   
Jerry: "I'm hungry. Let's get something to eat." 
George: Yup. 
Jerry: Big matzoh ball. 
George: Huge matzoh ball. 
Jerry: Those damn 'I love you' returns. 
George: Well, it's all over. I slipped up. 
Jerry: Oh, you don't know. 
George: You have any idea how fast these things deteriorate when there's an 'I love you' out of the bag? You can't have a relationship where one person says, "I love you", and the other says, "I'm hungry. Let's get something to eat.". 
Jerry: Unless you're married. 
George: I mean, now she thinks that I'm one of these guys that love her.  Nobody wants to be with somebody that loves them. 
Jerry: No, people hate that. 
George: You want to be with somebody that doesn't like you. 
Jerry: Ideally. 
George: I am never saying 'I love you' again unless they say it first. 
Waitress: Matzoh ball soup? 
George: That'd be me.   
Kramer: Hey, Jerry? You're a smart guy, right? 
Jerry: No question about it. 
Kramer: Alright, you know I'm supposed to go on this special tour today with George's girlfriend. 
Jerry: At the zoo? 
Kramer: Yeah, but before I met up with her, I stopped to look at the monkeys, when all of a sudden I am hit in the face with a banana peel. I turn and look and there is this monkey really laughing it up. Then someone tells me that he did it. Well, I pick up the banana peel and I wait for that monkey to turn around. And then I *whap* let him have it. 
Jerry: Kramer, you threw a banana peel at a monkey? 
Kramer: Well, he started it! 
Jerry: It's a monkey, Kramer! 
Kramer: Well, he pushed my buttons, I couldn't help it, Jerry. 
Jerry: Well, I still think it's wrong. 
Kramer: Alright, alright, fine. You take the monkey's side, alright, go ahead. 
Jerry: I'm not taking anyone's side.  Kramer : Cause I know what happened, Jerry.  Did you call Alec Berg and thank him for the hockey tickets? 
Jerry: No. 
Kramer: Oh, Jerry, what are you waiting for? 
Jerry: What do I gotta call him for? I thanked him five times when he gave them to me, how many time I gotta thank him? 
Kramer: Oh, no no no, you gotta call him the next day, it's common courtesy. 
Jerry: No, I don't believe in it. I'm taking a stand against all this over thanking. 
Kramer: Jerry, good manners are the glue of society. 
Jerry: Hey, if I knew I had to give him eight million 'thank you's, I wouldn't have taken the tickets in the first place. 
Kramer: Alright, you know what this is gonna do? He's gonna be upset because you didn't call him and we're not gonna get those tickets for Friday night. 
Jerry: Ah, you're out of your mind.  
Kramer: Alright, where you going?  
Jerry: I gotta get a suit cleaned, I have a funeral on Friday. 
Kramer: Who died? 
Jerry: Remember the guy who pretended he had cancer so O would buy him the toupee? 
Kramer: So he actually had it? 
Jerry: No, car accident. He was trying to adjust his toupee while he was driving and he lost control of the car.   
Elaine: That poor priest. He was just visiting from El Salvador. Now he's gone completely loco. 
Jerry: The one Puddy screamed at in the car? 
Elaine: Yeah. He thinks he saw the devil. He won't leave his room in the church basement. 
Jerry: Well, that's what you get for getting mixed up with a face painter. 
Elaine: I mean, what compels a seemingly normal human being to do something like that? 
Jerry: Gotta support the team.  Several women weep off camera. Elaine inspects her outfit. 
Elaine: You know I really hate my clothes. 
Jerry: Hm. 
Elaine: I open up my closet, there's just nothing.  
Jerry: Hm. 
Elaine: Nothing. I hate everything I have, I really hate it.  I mean, at this point, it's like I can wear something three or four times and that's it. 
Jerry: Hm. 
Elaine: It's getting to be a terrible problem for me.  
Jerry:  Hey, Alec!  
Jerry: Did you see that? What kind of a 'hello' was that?   
Mr. Pless: Ah, Mr. Kramer? 
Kramer: Yes.  Mr. Pless: Thanks for coming. 
Kramer: So, uh, what did you want to see me about?  
Mr. Pless: Well, Mr. Kramer, to get right to it, we're having a bit of a problem with Barry. 
Kramer: Barry?  Mr. Pless: The chimpanzee. 
Kramer: Oh. Well, uh, what's the problem?  
Mr. Pless: Well, he's not functioning the way he normally does. He seems depressed. He's lost his appetite. He's even curtailed his autoerotic activities. And we think this is directly related to the altercation he had with you the other day. 
Kramer: So, so what do you want me to do?  
Mr. Pless: Well, frankly we'd like you to apologize. 
Kramer: Yeah, well he started it.  
Mr. Pless: Mr. Kramer, he is an innocent primate. 
Kramer: So am I. What about my feelings? Don't my feelings count for anything? Oh, only the poor monkey's important. Everything has to be done for the monkey! Look, I'm sorry. I-- 
Siena: Hey, that's ok. Well, I've gotta go feed the marmosets.  Kramer : You know George really likes you.  Mr. Pless: She doesn't hear too well out of her left ear. 
Kramer: Oh.  
Jerry: I mean, do you think it's possible that he's mad at me because he didn't get the day-after 'thank you'? 
George: Wait a minute, you were at a funeral, right? 
Jerry: Yeah. 
George: Well, people never give a good 'hello' at a funeral. I mean, they go like this  That's the biggest. 
Jerry: Yeah, yeah, that's kinda what he gave me. 
George: Hey, they can't go, "Hey! You look fabulous!"  Kramer enters. 
Jerry: Hey. 
Kramer: Hey. Well, I just spoke to your girlfriend. 
George: Girlfriend, yeah, right. 
Kramer: Anyway, she asked me to apologize to Barry. 
George: Barry? 
Kramer: The monkey. 
Jerry: Well? 
Kramer: Nothing doing. Jerry, I didn't do anything. It's the monkey that should be apologizing to me. 
Jerry: Well, I don't think that's gonna happen. 
Kramer: Well, I'm sorry. Well, George, I tried to put the good word in for you with Siena, but I don't think she heard me. You know, left ear? 
George: What? 
Kramer: Yeah, her boss told me that she can't hear very well out of her left ear. What, you didn't know that? 
George: Oh my god. 
Jerry: What? 
George: She probably never heard it. Don't you see what this means? It's like the whole thing never happened. It's like when Superman reversed the rotation of the earth to save Lois Lane! 
Jerry: Are you gonna say it again? 
George: That's the question, Jimmy.
George: I'm gonna do it. 
Jerry: What? After what you just went through, I thought you said you'd never say it again. 
George: I'd like to say it once to someone that can actually hear it!  George storms out of the apartment as Kramer enters. 
Kramer: What's going on? 
Jerry: He's gonna talk into her other ear. 
Kramer: Oh. Well listen, I almost forgot to ask you. What happened at the funeral? Now, did you talk to Alec berg? 
Jerry: Yeah, I saw him. 
Kramer: Alright, so he's gonna give you the hockey tickets, huh? 
Jerry: Well, not exactly. 
Kramer: He's mad, isn't he? See, I knew it. 
Jerry: I don't know if he's mad. 
Kramer: Alright, so what happened when you saw him? 
Jerry: Well, I didn't really get a good 'hello', but see, I was at a funeral. 
Kramer: Uh huh. 
Jerry: See, so I don't know if I got a funeral 'hello' or he was mad because he didn't get his day-after 'thank you'. 
Kramer: See, I told you, Jerry, I told you! 
Jerry: Look, what do you want me to do? 
Kramer: I want you to get on this phone and give him his 'thank you'! 
Jerry: No. No, I can't! 
Kramer: Jerry, this is the way society functions. Aren't you a part of society? Because if you don't want to be a part of society, Jerry, why don't you just get in your car and move to the East Side! 
Jerry: Look, we got five hours before the game. I am betting it was a funeral 'hello'. He knows we're here, he knows the number, he knows we want to go.  There's plenty of time for him to call and give us the tickets. 
Kramer: You stubborn, stupid, silly man!  
Puddy: Hey, great dip. You made this? 
Elaine: No, it's from the store. 
Puddy: Oh. Hey, how come people don't have dip for dinner? Why is it only a snack, why can't it be a meal, you know? I don't understand stuff like that. 
Elaine: David? David, I think we aught to talk. 
Puddy: Alright, that's cool. 
Elaine: David, I don't think we should see each other anymore. 
Puddy: You gotta be kidding, how come? 
Elaine: Well, you see, David, you're a face painter. 
Puddy: Yeah, that's right. 
Elaine: Well, it's not that I don't like you, but, well to be perfectly honest, I'm just having some trouble getting past the face painting. 
Puddy: Well, alright, so you don't like the face painting, I just won't paint it anymore. 
Elaine: Yeah, but you like the face painting. 
Puddy: Well, I don't need to do it. It's not like a habit or anything. 
Elaine: Oh. You mean you'd stop it for me? 
Puddy: Yeah, that's right. 
Elaine: That's so, that's so sweet. 
Puddy: Ah, c'mere.  Alright, I gotta go home and get changed before the game. I'll be back, we'll make out.   
George: Siena, I love you. 
Siena: Yeah, I know. I heard you the first time. 
George: Yeah. Just confirming.  
Jerry: Hello? Oh, hi mom. No, listen, I was expecting somebody else. I'm sorry, I can't talk now, I gotta keep the line clear, I'll call you later. Yes, I know I have call waiting but I don't trust it in an emergency. Good bye.   
Kramer: Anyway, I um, I just want to say that I'm sorry. I lost my temper and I probably shouldn't have. I took it out on you and, look, if I've caused you any problems as a result of my behavior, well then, I'm sorry. I apologize.  Even though, Barry, between me and you, we both know that you started it. I mean, who's kidding who? But they tell me that you're very upset, and god forbid I should disturb the very important monkey, I'm just hoping we can put this behind us, let's just move on with our lives, ok? So no hard feelings?  
Elaine: What is that? 
Puddy: That's the letter 'D'. 
Elaine: Why is the letter 'D' painted on your chest? 
Puddy: Well, I'm going to the game tonight, and me and these five other guys are gonna take our shirts off and spell out 'Devils'. 
Elaine: But you said no more painting. 
Puddy: No, I said no more face painting, and as you can see this is not my face. 
Elaine: Yeah, that's right.   
Kramer: Well? Did he call? 
Jerry: No. 
Kramer: Oh, come on, Jerry! Come on, this is stupid! It's six o'clock! It's all over, just pick up the phone and thank him! 
Jerry: Alright!  Hello, Alec? Hi, it's Jerry Seinfeld. You know, you got a great 'John Houseman' name. Alec Berg. Did you hand in your assignment, Mr. Berg? 
Alec: What can I do for you, Jerry? 
Jerry: Well, Alec, the reason I called is I just wanted to thank you for the tickets from the other night. 
Alec: I wish you'd called me earlier, I could have given you my tickets for tonight. 
Jerry: Oh, you already gave them away? 
Alec: Yeah, but you know what? I have a friend, he's got a couple of seats.  If you don't mind the nose bleed section, they're yours.  
Jerry: No, we don't care, we just want to go. 
Alec: There is one little catch, though.  
Puddy: Hey, great game, huh?  
Priest: Father Hernandez?  
Father Hernandez: Huh? 
Priest: Una senora que te vino a ver. Ella dice que tiene informacion muy importante, y que te puede ayudar.   
Father Hernandez: Bueno. 
Priest: Al fini finalmente par el llover.   
Father Hernandez: Aha, bueno.  The priest shows Elaine into the room, she's wearing a white raincoat with a hood. As she approaches the bed, she's backlit by the sunlight coming through the window. 
Elaine: Hello father.  
Father Hernandez: Oh. La Madonna! Madre de Christo! Yo estoy lista!