GEORGE: Say it's Saturday night in Spain. They go out dancing. You  think they do the flamenco? 
JERRY: I would think. 
GEORGE: So you could call a woman for a date, ask her if she's free for  Dinner and a flamenco? 
JERRY:  You don't flamenco on the first date. 
GEORGE: Boy, I wish the flamenco was popular here. 
JERRY: Yeah? Would you do it? 
GEORGE: Yes, I think I would. 
JERRY: Well, I knew you'd have an affinity for it, because it's the  dance of a very proud people.  The phone rings. Jerry answers. 
JERRY: Hello.  Oh, hi Nana.  What? Oh. Oh, alright,  okay. Don't worry about it.  Okay, I'll see you later. Alright, bye.  He hangs up the phone. 
JERRY: I have to go over to my grandmother's. 
GEORGE: What for? 
JERRY: I have to open a bottle of ketchup for her. 
GEORGE: So, what, no lunch? 
JERRY: No, we have time. 
GEORGE: Oh. How's she doing?  George rises, and he and Jerry collect their jackets and make their way  to the door. 
JERRY: Ah, she's starting to slip a little. Sometimes she has  Difficulty distinguishing between the past and the present. 
GEORGE: Ah. You know, there's gotta be an easier way to open ketchups.  They  should make it in a tube. 
JERRY: Like toothpaste? 
GEORGE: Ya-hah.  Jerry and George leave.       . 
JERRY: There's a squeeze ketchup. 
GEORGE: I've seen squeeze mustard. I've never seen squeeze ketchup. 
JERRY: Well, if they make squeeze mustard, doesn't it stand to reason  that they make squeeze ketchup? 
GEORGE: Not necessarily. Mustard lends itself to the squeeze. 
JERRY: I really don't see the difference. 
GEORGE: Oh, there's a difference. It's subtle. 
JERRY: It's subtle. 
GEORGE: Hey uh, isn't Elaine supposed to meet us? 
JERRY:  Yeah, there she is. Uh-oh. 
GEORGE: What?  They stop walking. 
JERRY: Ah, she's with her friend Wendy. 
GEORGE: Wendy? Is that the uh, physical therapist? 
JERRY: Yeah. I'm on a kiss hello program with her. 
GEORGE: Really? 
JERRY: Yeah. Every time I see her, I gotta kiss her hello. I just did  it once, on her birthday, somehow it mushroomed. Now I dread seeing her because  of it.  Jerry smiles and waves to Elaine, who is approaching with Wendy. Elaine  Waves back. 
ELAINE:  Hey. 
GEORGE: You know, I'm down to one kiss hello. My aunt Sylvia. 
JERRY: Ah, that's fortunate. I really admire that. 
GEORGE:  Huh. I never heard you say you admire me for  anything. 
JERRY: No, I told you I admire your hearing.  George waves away the compliment. 
JERRY: No, don't slough that off, you have great hearing.  Jerry and George walk and meet Elaine and Wendy. Wendy greets Jerry  with a kiss on the cheek, which he's not happy about. Wendy is attractive, but has  a real old-fashioned fifties-style hairdo.  
ELAINE:  Wendy, George.  Wendy.   
GEORGE: You're uh, physical therapist, right? 
WENDY: Yes. 
GEORGE: You know, I got this little swelling right here.  It's kinda painful. What d'you make of it?  Wendy takes a brief glance at George's proffered limb. Elaine isn't  happy that George is bothering Wendy. 
ELAINE:  George. 
WENDY: Have you tried heat and ice on it? 
GEORGE:  Oh that uh, that seems like a lotta trouble. 
WENDY: Well, you could come by my office later, I could work on it for  you a little. 
GEORGE:  Oh! Okay. 
WENDY: Let me give you my card.  Wendy fishes in her bag and hands a card to George. 
GEORGE: Oh, thank you. 
WENDY: Well, I'll see you guys later.  Nice meeting you. Bye  Elaine. 
ELAINE: Bye Wendy. I'm sorry. 
WENDY: Bye Jerry.  Wendy walks away down the street. 
JERRY: Bye. 
ELAINE:  What did you do that for? 
GEORGE: What? 
ELAINE:  Ask about your arm.       
GEORGE: I still don't see why I can't ask her about my arm. 
ELAINE: She's a physical therapist. She doesn't want to have to deal  with that outside of the office. 
GEORGE: Why not?  The trio sit down in a booth. 
ELAINE: Because, it is what she does. 
GEORGE: I love these people, you can't ask 'em questions.  They're so mentally gifted that we mustn't disturb the delicate genius  Unless it's in the confines of an office.  When huge sums of money  are involved, then the delicate genius can be disturbed! 
ELAINE: George, you got a little something, right here.  Elaine indicates underneath George's nostrils. 
GEORGE:  People think they're so  important... 
JERRY:  Well, I'm going on record right now that that was my  last kiss hello. I am getting off the kiss program with her. 
ELAINE: Why? 
JERRY: Well, you know, frankly, outside of a sexual relationship, I  don't see the point to it. I'm not thrilled with all the handshaking either, but  one step at a time. 
GEORGE:  What're you getting? 
JERRY:  And what's with that hairdo, by the way? 
ELAINE: Huh, yeah, I know. It's not very flattering. 
JERRY: She looks like something out of an old high school yearbook. You Should say something to her. 
ELAINE: Oh, I could never say anything to her about that. 
JERRY: Yeah. Kramer's the only person who could say something like  that. 
ELAINE: Yeah. Hah. 
GEORGE: Well, just tell Kramer to tell her. 
ELAINE: No. If you tell him to do it, he'll never do it. 
JERRY: What you have to do is introduce him, and then he'll just come  out with it. 
ELAINE:  Hoh. Yes, yes, you're right. That's  right. I'll bring her over to meet...  Kramer enters. 
ELAINE:  ...Kramer.  Kramer strolls over to the table. 
KRAMER: Hello, boys and girls. 
JERRY: Speak of the devil.  Kramer sits at the table. Elaine starts to peruse her menu, as Kramer  speaks to Jerry. 
KRAMER: Yeah. Hey listen, I uh, I need a picture of you, buddy. 
JERRY: What for? 
KRAMER: Well, I'm uh, I'm putting everybody's picture up in the lobby  of our building. 
JERRY: Why? 
KRAMER: So everyone will know everybody's name. See, people are gonna  be a lot friendlier. 
JERRY:  I, I don't want my picture plastered up in the  lobby. 
KRAMER: Imagine walking by someone on the floor, and you say "Hey,  Carl!" and he  says "Hey, Jerry!" You see, that's the kind of society I wanna live in. 
JERRY:  Kramer, I don't wanna stop and talk with  everyone, every time I go in the building. I just wanna nod and be on my way. 
KRAMER:  You know your eyeliner's smudged a little. Why do  you wear so much eye makeup? 
ELAINE:  Yeah. This is gonna work out just  fine.       Leo is in the living room, speaking with Nana, who's in another room. 
LEO: Ma! Again with the ketchup? Don't they have 'em in the plastic  Squeeze containers?  There is a knock at the door. Leo opens it, to reveal Jerry. 
LEO:  Jerry! Hello! 
JERRY: Hello, uncle Leo! 
LEO: What're you doing here? 
JERRY: Nana called me to open the ketchup bottle. 
LEO: Yeah, me too.  Nana enters with a bottle of ketchup. 
NANA: Hello Jerry. 
JERRY: Hi Nana.  There's a brief pause, as Leo waits for something. 
LEO: Aren't you gonna kiss her hello? 
JERRY: Yes.  Yes of course. 
NANA: Ha, well, here's the bottle.  
LEO:  I'll do it. 
JERRY:  What're you doing, I got it.  
LEO: Give it to me. 
JERRY: Will you stop it. 
LEO: Jerry, will you give me the bottle? 
JERRY: Uncle Leo!  Alright! Take it! 
NANA: You should let Buddy open it. 
LEO: Buddy? He lived next door to us forty-five years ago.  Leo hands the ketchup back to Nana. 
NANA: Leo, did you give Helen the fifty dollars? 
LEO: What fifty dollars? 
NANA: Your father won a thousand dollars at the track last week, and he  gave you a hundred, and you were supposed to give fifty dollars to your sister.  Nana walks away out of the room again. 
LEO: Ma, dad died in nineteen-sixty-two.  Jerry is staring at Leo, with an expression of suspicion. 
LEO:  Believe me. I don't owe your  mother fifty dollars.  Leo continues to force out laughter, and Jerry continues his look of  mistrust.       Elaine and Jerry wait by the elevator. Jerry is speaking to the  building super. 
JERRY: I'm just not getting any hot water. 
JULIO: Hey, believe me, I know there's nothing worse than when your  shower's not working. I'm gonna take care of it as soon as I can, Jerry. 
JERRY: Thanks, Julio. 
JULIO: Awright.  Julio walks away as the elevator arrives. Jerry and Elaine step aboard.       Kramer is rooting through a drawer, searching for something. The door  opens and Jerry and Elaine enter. 
JERRY: Huh? 
KRAMER:  Hey, hey hey hey. Hello! 
JERRY: What's going on here? 
KRAMER:  Ohh, nothing, nothing. 
JERRY:  Well, then what're you doing? 
KRAMER: Oh, I, I need a pen. 
JERRY: What for? 
KRAMER: Well, I'm making out my will. Oh, I got a big slice of dough  for you, buddy. And you too, Elaine, I haven't forgotten you. 
JERRY:  You're looking for a picture of me, aren't you? 
KRAMER: You got that straight. 
JERRY: I told you, forget it. 
KRAMER: Oh, come on, Jerry. If everybody knew everybody, we wouldn't  have the problems we have in the world today. Well, you don't rob somebody, if  you know their name! 
JERRY: You're robbing me. 
KRAMER: Well, I'm gonna get your picture, and you're gonna participate  in my program.  Kramer heads out the door, but Elaine intercepts him. 
ELAINE: Wha... W.. Are you going home? 
KRAMER: Yeah. 
ELAINE: Uh, could you come back in about five minutes? 
KRAMER: Why? 
ELAINE: No reason.  Just wanna see you again.  Kramer smiles at this. He exits, but turns to flash the smile at Elaine  as he crosses the hall to his apartment. After Kramer goes into his place,  Elaine shuts the door of Jerry's apartment. 
JERRY:  So? Are you sure Wendy's coming? 
ELAINE: Yeah, she'll be here any second. 
JERRY: Well, this'll be a very interesting experiment to see if Kramer  Says something. You sure you wanna go through with this? 
ELAINE: Listen, Jerry. She never dates, and I know it's because of her  hair.  The phone rings, and Jerry picks up. Elaine removes her coat. 
JERRY: Hello. Oh, hi mom. Yeah, I was at Nana's yesterday. I had to  help her open a ketchup bottle. Hey, mom, let me ask you a question. Do you  remember when you were a kid, your father winning like a thousand dollars at the  track?  Really? Did you know he gave uncle Leo a hundred dollars, and  he was supposed to give you fifty?  How do I know? Because Nana  doesn't know what year it is, and she thinks this just happened.  Well, I  think you should. Okay, bye.       Morty and Helen in the kitchen. Morty has a pencil and pad and a pocket  calculator out, doing some work. 
MORTY: Do you know what the interest on that fifty dollars comes to  Over fifty-three years? 
HELEN: Oh, Morty, please. 
MORTY: Six hundred and sixty-three dollars and forty-five cents. And  that's figuring conservatively at five percent interest, over fifty-three  years, compounded quarterly. Or, if you put it into a ten-year T-bill... 
HELEN: Morty, will you stop it! 
MORTY:  Well, he's not getting away with this!        
JERRY: Yeah?  WENDY : Wendy. 
JERRY: Come on up.  Elaine enters from the bathroom. 
ELAINE: Well, this is it. Shall I go get Kramer? 
JERRY: No no, he'll come in. Well, this is gonna be my first  opportunity to not kiss her hello. 
ELAINE: What is the big deal about putting your lips on somebody's  face? 
JERRY: It's the obligation, you know? As soon as this person comes in,  you know you have to do this. I mean, if you could, say, touch a breast as part  of the kiss hello, then I think I could see the value in it a little better. 
ELAINE: How 'bout an intercourse hello? How would that be? 
JERRY: Elaine, now you're being ridiculous.  There's a knock at the door. 
ELAINE:  That's her. That's her.  Jerry holds up his hands, indicating he wants a few seconds to prepare.  He goes to the refrigerator, and indicates Elaine should let Wendy inside.  Elaine opens the door and Wendy enters.  ELAINE/WENDY: Hi/Hey.  Jerry has the door of the fridge open, and his head is inside the  appliance. 
JERRY:  Hi Wendy. 
WENDY: Oh, hi Jerry.  Wendy wanders over to the fridge. 
JERRY:  Would you like something to drink? 
WENDY: Sure.  Jerry holds out his arm, with a bottle in his hand. 
JERRY:  There you go. 
WENDY:  Ah.  Jerry starts to withdraw his head from the fridge, and Wendy is poised  for the kiss hello. But, just as he turns to face her, he opens the freezer  compartment and the door blocks her approach. Wendy walks away to the couch. 
JERRY: Oh, look at that. I'm almost outta Klondike bars.  Jerry peers around the edge of the door, to see if the coast is clear.  Finding  that it is, he closes the various doors of the fridge. 
JERRY: So, how's everything going? 
WENDY: Oh, okay. Oh, your friend George came by the office the other  day, and then yesterday he cancelled on me. 
JERRY: Oh, yeah, he had to take his mother to the chiropodist.  There is a clunk in the hallway, as of Kramer's door opening. 
ELAINE: Oh, you hear that? That must be Kramer.  Jerry's door opens and Kramer enters. He's holding a polaroid camera. 
KRAMER: Hey! Jerry!  Jerry turns at the call of his name, and Kramer fires off a quick shot. 
JERRY: C'mon, that's not fair! 
KRAMER: I told you I was gonna get it. 
JERRY: No, c'mon Kramer.  Gimme that picture. 
KRAMER:  Aagh. No no no no no. 
JERRY:  Alright, fine. Put my picture up. What do  I care? 
ELAINE: Uh, Kramer. Kramer, I'd like you to meet my friend Wendy. 
KRAMER: Oh, hello. 
WENDY:  Hi. 
KRAMER:  Yeah.  Kramer does looks at Wendy, and something intrigues him. He turns away,  Then back again, unable to take his eyes off her hair. 
KRAMER:  You know, I really like that hairdo.  Jerry and Elaine both look surprised and let-down by Kramer. 
WENDY:  Oh. Thank you. I actually was thinking it might be  time for a change. 
ELAINE:  Oh, you were? 
WENDY: Well, I... 
KRAMER:  Oh, no no no. You don't wanna do that. No no.  Nobody wears it like that. 
ELAINE: Kramer, if she wants to change her hair... 
KRAMER: No, no. you'd be a damn fool to change it. It's very becoming. 
WENDY: Oh, well.  Kramer raises his camera to take a picture of Wendy and her hair. 
WENDY:  Oh, ho.  Kramer presses the button and nothing happens. He turns the camera up,  to look at the front of it and it chooses to fire at that moment, dazzling  Kramer with the flash.       Wendy drives, Elaine in the passenger seat. 
WENDY: So, who's that friend of yours? That guy that came in. 
ELAINE: Oh, Kramer. 
WENDY: Yeah. Does he have a girlfriend? 
ELAINE: You wanna go out with him? 
WENDY: Well, why not? 
ELAINE: Well, it's just that... uh, I don't... 
WENDY: What, is there anything wrong with him?  Elaine stares off for several seconds, with a faraway look in her eyes. 
WENDY: Elaine? 
ELAINE: I'm just thinking about the question.        
GEORGE: You know, my arm feels a lot better. That Wendy really knows  her stuff.  
RECEPTIONIST:  She is super. Same time tomorrow. 
GEORGE:  Yeah, same time.  There  you go.  George heads for the door. The receptionist looks at George's cheque  and finds it's not up to scratch. 
RECEPTIONIST: Oh. Ah, you owe a hundred and fifty. 
GEORGE: What for? 
RECEPTIONIST: Well, you cancelled on Tuesday, and our policy is  "twenty-four hours notice, for all cancellations". 
GEORGE:  Well, I, I couldn't come. I, I had to drive my  mother to, to the chiropodist.  Wendy enters, carrying a file. She overhears. 
WENDY: What's the problem? 
GEORGE:  Are you aware that I'm being charged for Tuesday's  appointment? I had to take my mother to the chiropodist. 
WENDY: Well, I'm sorry, that's our policy.  Wendy walks out, into another room. 
GEORGE:  Oh, you have a policy!   The delicate genius has a policy!  George heads for the door. 
RECEPTIONIST: So. Will you be here tomorrow? 
GEORGE: Well, it's less than twenty-four hours, so I guess I have to!  George leaves, slamming the door behind him.       Kramer has covered one wall of the lobby with photographs of the  tenants. They're all labeled with the appropriate name in magic marker. Kramer  is just completing Jerry's name underneath the Polaroid he took earlier. Jerry  and Elaine enter from the street. 
KRAMER: Hey!  So what d'you think? You like it?  Elaine seems generally positive, Jerry's not so enamoured, especially  by his own picture. 
JERRY: Oh my god! Look at that picture, it's terrible...  The Polaroid has caught Jerry with his mouth hanging open and his eyes  wide. It's not flattering in the slightest. 
JERRY: ...You can't put that picture up. 
KRAMER: Well, it's not a beauty contest. It's just a way for people to  get to  know one another.  The elevator opens and a guy  steps out. He points to Kramer. 
STEVE: Hey Cosmo. 
KRAMER: Hey...  Kramer turns to the wall of pictures, searches around for the face and  then  points back. Steve makes his way to the door as Kramer speaks. 
KRAMER: ...Steve.  Ah, you see? 
ELAINE: Hey Kramer, my friend Wendy wants to go out with you. 
KRAMER:  Well, how do you do?  A woman  has entered from the street. She stands behind Jerry and  Looks through Kramer's gallery of tenants. 
MARY: Hello,  Jerry. 
JERRY: Oh. Hello, uh  Mary. 
MARY: You know, I've seen you so many times and now we can finally talk  to each other. 
KRAMER:  What was I telling you? Isn't this nice? 
JERRY:  Yeah. 
MARY: Jerry. You know, could you help me with a package? 
JERRY: Oh, sure, yeah. 
MARY: Thank you.  Mary leans across and gives Jerry a quick kiss on the cheek, then makes  her way toward the door. Elaine is giggling gleefully at Jerry's discomfiture. 
JERRY: Oh, no!       Jerry and Elaine enter. Jerry mad, and Elaine still giggling. 
JERRY: You see? That's just what I need. More kissing! 
ELAINE:  Hee, hee, hee. Hee hee hee... 
JERRY: What is so funny? 
ELAINE: Nothing, nothing.   The phone rings and Jerry picks up. 
JERRY: Hello. Oh, hi mom.  What? Oh my... He didn't?! He  couldn't!  Alright, I will.  Okay, bye.  Jerry hangs up the phone, and turns to Elaine. 
JERRY:  Uncle Leo put Nana in a home! 
ELAINE: Why? 
JERRY:  I don't know. Maybe to keep her quiet.       Jerry is collecting his mail from his mailbox. A woman  enters  And immediately goes for the kiss hello. She's friendly and overfamiliar. 
JOAN: Hi Jerry.  Mmmwah. 
JERRY:  Hi Joan. 
JOAN: How you doing?  Jerry backs away toward the elevator. 
JERRY: Pretty good. 
JOAN: Just pretty good? Not great? 
JERRY: Okay, great. 
JOAN: Are you happy? 
JERRY: Oh, I'm delighted. 
JOAN: Okay. Have a nice day. 
JERRY: You too.  The elevator comes down, the door opens and another woman   emerges, with a big friendly smile for Jerry. 
LOUISE: Hi Jerry.  Louise also kisses the less than happy looking Jerry. 
JERRY: Hi, Louise.  Louise walks on and the unhappy Jerry enters the elevator.        
KRAMER: Hey. 
JERRY: Ah, well. Thank you very much! 
KRAMER: For what? 
JERRY:  For putting my picture up on that wall! I'm like  Richard Dawson down there now. And every person I see engages me in this long,  boring, tedious, conversation. I can't even get out of the building! 
KRAMER: You should be thanking me for liberating you from your world of  loneliness and isolation. Now, you're part of a family. 
JERRY: Family? 
KRAMER: Yeah. 
JERRY: You think I want another family? My father's demanding my uncle  Pay interest on fifty dollars he was supposed to give my mother in  nineteen-forty-one, and my uncle put my nana in a home to try and shut  her up! And I tell you another thing, Cosmo Kramer, whatever you wanna be  called. The kissing thing is over. There's no more kissing, and I don't care what  the consequences are.  As Jerry reaches the end of his emphatic declaration, Kramer takes  Jerry's head in his hands, leans in and plants a big kiss right on Jerry's lips.  Halfway through the kiss, the door opens and George half-enters. Kramer  releases Jerry, who stands bug-eyed with shock. George stands silently in the doorway,  he looks from Jerry to Kramer, with a thoughtful expression. Biting his lips,  George slowly backs out of the door and closes it behind him.       
RECEPTIONIST: Oh, hi. Mister Costanza, we were trying to get in touch  with you. Wendy can't make her appointment. 
GEORGE: What d'you mean? 
RECEPTIONIST: She had some personal affair she had to attend to. I left  A message on your machine. You didn't get it? 
GEORGE: When did you leave the message? 
RECEPTIONIST: Few hours ago. 
GEORGE:  Oh, I'm sorry, I require twenty-four hours notice  for a cancellation. Now, as I see it, you owe me seventy-five dollars. 
RECEPTIONIST: Look, Mister Costanza... 
GEORGE: Will that be cash, or cheque?  George gives an exaggerated wink.       
WENDY: I am really glad I took the day off. 
ELAINE: Oh, yeah, there's nothing better than skiing. 
WENDY: Yeah. I hope my clients weren't too upset. 
ELAINE: Ugh, the hell with 'em.  Wendy and Elaine share a laugh. Wendy then starts to pull the car over  to the side of the road. 
ELAINE: What're you stopping here for? 
WENDY: I'm dropping you off. 
ELAINE:  Oh, no, I'm three more blocks. 
WENDY: Yeah, but if I take you to your door, then I have to go all the  Way around Central Park West, back to Columbus, you know it's all one  way... 
ELAINE: Yeah, but it's only three blocks. 
WENDY: Right. It's only three blocks. 
ELAINE:  Alright, well...       Elaine struggles along the sidewalk at night with her ski gear in her  arms. She's not finding it easy fighting with the uncomfortable bulk of skis,  poles, boots, etc.. Eventually she drops the boots and, rather than pick them  up, simply kicks them along in front of her.       Jerry and Elaine walk together. 
ELAINE: She'd driven me a hundred and twenty miles and, all of a  sudden, three blocks from my door, she decides this trip is over. Isn't that strange? 
JERRY: Yes, it's very strange. Very strange. 
ELAINE: I've never heard of anything like this. I mean, it's almost as  if I was hitch-hiking and she says "Well, this is as far as I can take you." 
JERRY: I tell you. If you were hitch-hiking, you'd never get into a car  With someone with a hairdo like that. 
ELAINE: I had to carry my skis, and my boots and my poles. I think I  pinched a nerve in my shoulder. 
JERRY: You should have her work on it for you. 
ELAINE: Yeah, alright, I gotta go.       
MAR: Hi Jerry. 
JERRY: Hi Mary.  Jerry backs away from the kiss with so much effort that he's up against  The mailboxes. 
JERRY: Uh, listen. I decided I can't kiss hello anymore. I'm sorry.  It's nothing personal....  Mary looks upset by Jerry's outburst. 
JERRY: ...It just makes me a little uncomfortable and I can't do it.  I'm sorry.  The door to the street opens and Louise enters, also friendly and  aiming for the kiss hello. 
LOU: Hi Jerry. 
JERRY: Hi Louise...  Jerry backs sharply away from Louise as she leans in for the kiss. 
JERRY: ...I was just telling Mary how I'm not gonna be doing the kiss  Hello thing anymore.  I'm sorry. I just can't do it.  It's nothing personal, it's just I'm not really able to do it and uh, I'm  sorry.   
JERRY:  Thank you for your cooperation.       
JERRY: Hello.  HELEN : Jerry? 
JERRY: Hi mom. So, what's happening with uncle Leo? Is he paying you?  In Florida, Helen is on the phone and Morty is still working out  figures with a pad and a calculator. 
HELEN: Well, he said no. He said we had no proof. 
MORTY: No proof? We'll get him. He's a crook, sooner or later, he'll  slip up. 
HELEN: Uh, anyway, I want you to go check on Nana at the home. 
JERRY: Okay, I will. 
MORTY: D'you realise, an above-average performing growth mutual fund  For fifty-three years...       
JERRY:  Oh, I gotta go visit my nana in the nursing  home. 
KRAMER: Oh.  They walk together down the hall.       The elevator doors open and Jerry and Kramer come out. Something on the  Wall opposite catches Jerry's eye. 
JERRY: Hey, Kramer, look at this.  Jerry points and walks over to Kramer's gallery, Kramer following. 
JERRY: Look at my picture!  The photograph has been crudely vandalised with a magic marker.  'Grade-A Dork' has been written on the forehead, whiskers, spots, horns and a wormlike  tongue added and teeth blacked out. 
JERRY: I've been defaced! 
KRAMER: Hey, don't you worry buddy. I made double prints.  
JACK: Hey. Hi Cosmo. 
KRAMER: Oh, hey, Jack. How you doing? 
JERRY: Hi Jack.  Jack gives Jerry an unfriendly look and walks to the elevator without  replying. 
JERRY: Hey, Julio. I was wondering, could you get to that shower today,  You think? 
JULIO: Oh, I see. When you need something done, you're very friendly to  people, huh? 
JERRY:  No no, that's not true! 
JULIO:  Well, I think it is! It's a big building, Seinfeld,  maybe I'll get to it someday. After I take care of the people who're civil to each  other.  Julio stalks away. Jerry swings to give Kramer a look.        
NURSE: Yeah, she's upstairs, playing cards. 
JERRY: You know, she really doesn't belong here. My uncle put her here,  Because he's trying to prove he doesn't owe my mother fifty dollars. 
NURSE: Well, she seems very happy. She met an old friend who used to  live next door to her. 
JERRY: Buddy? 
NURSE: Yes, that's his name. He's right over there.  The nurse indicates an elderly guy with a white moustache, wearing a  cap and reading a newspaper on a bench outside.       George is talking with Wendy at the counter. 
WENDY:  I'm sorry, I don't owe you anything. I had some  personal  business that day. 
GEORGE:  Oh, I see. So your time is more valuable than mine.  Is that it? You're a delicate genius!  Behind George, Elaine has slipped in the door. 
WENDY: A delicate genius?  George spots Elaine. 
GEORGE: Elaine? 
ELAINE:  George!  George stalks past Elaine and exits. 
GEORGE:  Hah. Good luck. 
WENDY: What's going on? 
ELAINE:  Wendy, I injured my shoulder, Wednesday, when  You dropped me off and I had to carry my skis, and my boots, and my poles  and everything, all the way home. I'm, I'm having trouble lifting my arm.  Do you think you could give me some treatment? 
WENDY: Oh sure. You have insurance, right? 
ELAINE:  Insurance? You're charging me?  Behind Elaine, George is standing in the open door 
GEORGE: Wednesday? That's your personal business?!  Skiing?!  So let people suffer, while you're shushing all over a  mountain? 
WENDY: How did you hear that? 
GEORGE: I hear everything. 
WENDY: I mean, why don't you two just take your business elsewhere,  hmm? 
ELAINE: Oh, huh huh, that is a good idea. C'mon George. 
GEORGE: Yeah. Let's go.  Elaine and George, united, head for the door. AS they get there, Elaine  turns to deliver her parting shot. 
ELAINE:  And you know, you might wanna do something about  that hair. 
WENDY: Why, what's wrong with my hair? 
ELAINE: Huh, I think it's a little old-fashioned. Don't you?  Uh, tell her. 
RECEPTIONIST: She's right.       Jerry and Buddy sit on the bench, reminiscing. 
JERRY: So you were with him that day at the track? 
BUDDY: Oh yeah. He won a thousand dollars. His son was there too. 
JERRY: Leo? 
BUDDY: Yeah, that's it. Leo. Ooh, what an obnoxious little kid. He used  to steal my soda bottles. and cash 'em in for the deposits, uh? 
JERRY: Is that so? 
BUDDY: And, after your grandfather hit the daily double, he gave him a  Hundred dollars, and told him to give fifty to his sister. His sister? Why I  tell you he shoulda give it to me for all the bottles he took! 
JERRY: Well, that's very interesting.  Just then, uncle Leo strolls up the path to the nursing home. Jerry  spots his arrival. 
JERRY:  Uncle Leo! I just met an old acquaintance of yours.   You remember Buddy. He just told me quite a story about you and  Grandpa at the track.  
LEO:  One second... 
JERRY:  You're busted!       
JERRY: Hey, Steve. How you doing?  Steve turns to Jerry, gives him a disdainful look, and turns away  again. 
JERRY: Hey, Jeff. What's happening?  
JERRY: Mary! Oh, Mary! Give us a kiss.  Mary moves to avoid Jerry. 
JERRY: Don't be like that, Mary. C'mon, I made a mistake! 
MARY:  Look, why don't you do everybody a favour, and  just get out of this building?  Nobody wants you here. Nobody!  
JEFF: Hi Mary. 
MARY: Hi Jeff. How are you?  Mary and Jeff kiss hello. 
MARY: Hi Pete. How you doing?  Mary and Pete kiss hello. 
PETE: Hey, let's go get some coffee. 
JEFF: Great idea. 
MARY: Oh, that'd be great.  The three of them exit together chatting happily, watched by a rueful  Jerry. 
JERRY: Oh, Paul, could you hold that door...  But Paul makes no move to hold the door, which shuts in Jerry's face.       
KRAMER: Hi. 
JERRY: Hey. Could I use your shower? 
KRAMER: What, again? You took one this morning. 
JERRY:  I got a date. C'mon, please. 
KRAMER: I know but I...   Little problem. 
KRAMER:  Wendy here? 
KRAMER: No no no. She changed her hairstyle,  it's  terrible. No,  we're done.   
GUY: I'll go get some more beer. 
KRAMER: Oh yeah, yeah, great.  And get some of  those blue corn chips. 
KRAMER: Hey. 
STEFANIE: Hi Cosmo. 
KRAMER: Hi. 
STEFANIE:  Mmmwah. 
KRAMER: Ooh, I like that. 
JERRY:  Who's that? 
KRAMER: Stefanie. 2-G. 
JERRY: Oh man. Looks like you got quite a few people here.  
KRAMER: Yeah yeah. Well uh, you know, I'd invite you in, but uhm... you  know. 
JERRY:  Oh, yeah, I understand.  Kramer closes the door, and Jerry can be seen peering through the  narrowing gap until it shuts.