George: Why is there no haggling in this country? 
Jerry: I guess we like to think we've progressed beyond a knife fight for a  citrus drink. 
George: Not me. Everything should be negotiable. 
Jerry: Restaurants too? 
George: Absolutely. You're telling me there's no room to move on pasta.  All starches are a scam. 
Jerry: Yea especially ziti, with that big hole.   
George: Excuse me, how much is this? 
Worker: Dollar nineteen. 
George: I'll give you a quarter. 
Worker: Get the hell out of here. 
Jerry: Tell him forty and no fork. 
George: Thirty. 
Worker: That's it you leave and never come back! 
Jerry: How about we leave and come back in a week? 
Worker: Deal! 
George: Alright see? We got something there.  ] 
Jerry: Look at the size of that neon light. 
Kramer: Roger's can't sell chicken around here, we got chicken places on  every block. 
Jerry: He is the gambler. 
Kramer: Well, I gotta meet Newman at the pet store. Helping him pick out a  turtle. 
Jerry: Try and stay calm. 
Kramer: Yea, yea.     
Man: Hey Jerry. 
Jerry: Seth! Wow what has it been like five years? 
Seth: At least. 
Jerry: You wanna grab lunch? 
Seth: Uh, I'm actually headed back to the office. 
Jerry: Seth it's me. What's more important than catching up with an old  college buddy? 
Seth: Well, I am supposed to be in this meeting. 
Jerry: Blow it off. Remember Poli Sci? How many of those did we go to?  Seth+Jerry: Alright, alright. 
Jerry: Whatever happened to Moochie? 
Seth: He's dead. 
Jerry: Is that right?   
George: I still don't understand how you can call lunch with me a business  expense. 
Elaine: What do you think of the catalog? 
George: It stinks. 
Elaine: There, we just talked business. 
Worker: We do have the down comforter and the cookware you liked. 
Elaine: Oh great, put it all on the Peterman account with the other stuff. 
Worker: You know what else we have that you might like? 
Elaine: I'll take it.   
George: Hey, you like?   
Worker: I think that looks very nice on you. 
George: Really? Elaine...Peterman account? 
Elaine: Why not?  And some hair for my little friend here.   
Seth: So how's your stand up career? 
Jerry: Pretty good, as a matter of fact. I almost had my own show in Japan. 
Seth: You speak Japanese? 
Jerry: No 
Seth: So you would have done it in Japan, but in English.   
Jerry: I don't know. So what's this job of yours? 
Seth: Big investment firm. We just got the Citibank account. In fact today  was our first big meeting with them. 
Jerry: The meeting you blew off?   
Seth: Yea. 
Jerry: Wasn't that kind of important?   
Seth: Yea.   
Elaine: ...and I brought I whole new set of cookware, and a water pic. 
Jerry: You use a water pick? 
Elaine: Sure, water pic, floss, plax, brush, listerine... 
Jerry: So you go in the bathroom at eleven your in bed by what two? 
Elaine: Well, at the latest. Oh hang on a second, I gotta another call. 
Elaine: Hello? 
Man: Good day Ms Benes, this is Roger Ipswitch. 
Elaine: Oh hey! How are things doing in accounting? 
Roger: Ms. Benes, I noticed you have been charging quite a bit of merchandise  on the Peterman account. 
Elaine: Well, I am the President. 
Roger: Yes, and we're all very impressed. Never the less the expense account  is for business purposes only. 
Elaine: Well, isn't the president allowed to do anything that they want? 
Roger: No, I'll be in your office first thing tomorrow. Good day. 
Elaine: Good day.  
Jerry: Hello, anybody?   
George: Hey. 
Jerry: Hey, why didn't you get the big one? 
George: This hat just bottles in the heat, I don't even need a coat! It's  unbelievable! 
Jerry: I don't believe it. 
George: And I got a date with the sales woman. She's got a little Marisa  Tomei thing going on. 
Jerry: Ah, too bad you got a little George Costanza thing going on. 
George: I'm going out with her tomorrow, she said she had some errands to run. 
Jerry: That's a date? 
George: What's the difference? You know they way I work, I'm like a  commercial jingle. First it's a little irritating, then you hear  it a few times, you hum it in the shower, by the third date it's  "By Mennen!". 
Jerry: How do you make sure your gonna get to the third date? 
George: If there's any doubt, I do a leave-behind keys, glove, scarf, I go  back to her place to pick it up...date number three. 
Jerry: That's so old. Why don't you show up at her door in a wood horse?   
Jerry: "By Mennen"   
Jerry: What's going on in there? 
Kramer: What? 
Jerry: The light! 
Kramer: Oh the red, its the chicken roaster sign, its right across my window. 
Jerry: Can't you shut the shades? 
Kramer: They are shut, oh yea your friend Seth stopped by. 
Jerry: Yea? What'd he say? 
Kramer: he was fired.   
Elaine: Well, as you can see the comforter I expensed is actually the  Aristotle goose down tunic. So what do you think? 
Roger: Another bulls eye. 
Elaine: Well Mr. Ipswitch since everyone of my expenses are obviously for a  legitimate business purpose.   
Roger: I just need to see the sable hat you purchased yesterday. 
Elaine: The hat? Why do you need to see the hat? 
Roger: Because it costs eight-thousand dollars. 
Elaine: What?     
Jerry: Seth, if you knew the meeting was so important why did you go the  lunch with me? 
Seth: We're old college buddies. 
Jerry: I only knew you through Moochie. 
Seth: Hey Jerry don't worry about it, the important thing is that we got to  catch up. Mind if I grab the want ads? 
Jerry: Actually I haven't read Tank McNamara yet.   
Jerry: How's life on the red planet? 
Kramer: Its killing me, I can't eat, I can't sleep, all I can see is that  giant red sun in the shape of a chicken. 
Jerry: Well, did you go down to the Kenny Rogers and complain? 
Kramer: Ah, they have me the heave ho. I don't think that Kenny Rogers has  any idea what's going on down there.   
Jerry: What are you doing? 
Kramer: Getting some cereal 
Jerry: That's tomato juice.     
Kramer: That looked like milk to me! Jerry my Rods and Cones are all screwed  up! Alright, that's it I gotta move in with you Jerry.   
Jerry: I don't know Kramer, my only concern is that ....   
Jerry: ..living together after a while we might start to get on each others  nerves a little.   
Kramer: Alright listen to me, I got a great idea. You're a heavy sleeper,  right? Why don't we switch apartments? 
Jerry: Or I could sleep in the park? You could knock these walls down, make  it an eight room luxury suite. 
Kramer: Jerry these are lode baring walls, they're not gonna come down! 
Jerry: Yea, that's no good. 
Kramer: I may have to drive that place out of business. 
Jerry: How you gonna do that? 
Kramer: Like we did in the sixties, takin' in to the streets.     
Woman: Thanks George, but I got it from here. 
George: Oh no I'm in already come on.   
George: So you want to get together tomorrow? 
Woman: No, I'm gonna be pretty busy. 
George: What about this weekend? 
Woman: I'm gonna be busy for a while.   
George: OK, see ya! 
Woman: Hey, you forgot your keys. 
George: What, those aren't my keys. 
Woman: Well they're not mine. 
George: Oh, they are my keys, how weird. 
Woman: Bye George. 
George: Yea. 
Woman: George, bye!   
George: Costanza.    ] 
Elaine: What do you mean you don't have the hat? 
George: I left it at Heather's. Are these alive? 
Elaine: No dead! George, I need that Russian hat back! 
George: Alright, alright ,I'll call Heather, you'll get your hat back, I will  get a second date. Ha ha. Now watch the magic.   
Elaine: Dial 9- MERLIN.   
Heather: Hello? 
George: Heather Hi, it's George Costanza. 
Heather: Oy! 
George: Ah , listen. I don't mean to bother you but, silly me, I think I may  have left my hat in your apartment. So I thought I'd just come by  later and pick it up. 
Heather: You didn't' leave a hat here. 
George: I'm pretty sure I left it behind the cushion of the chair ...  accidentally. 
Heather: No hat. George I gotta go. 
George: You know maybe ... I'll ...     
Jerry: Seth? 
Seth: Jerry Hi! What do you think? 
Jerry: I think your taking the trash out for this chicken place, but that  couldn't be. 
Seth: Yea, I'm the new manager 
Jerry: But your were an executive, this is fast food. 
Seth: Not fast food, good food served quickly.   
Kramer: Hey, stay away from the chicken, bad chicken, mess you up. 
Seth: That's not going to be good for business. 
Jerry: That's not going to be good for anybody.   
Jerry: If I'm gonna live over there, you gotta take some of this stuff out.  I mean this thing is really freaking me out. I feel like its gonna  come to life in the middle of the night and kill me.   
Kramer: Mr. Marbles? He's harmless. 
Jerry: And one other thing, I don't want Newman using my...   
Jerry: Oh no. 
Newman: Nice place you got here Kramer a man can really get some  thinking done. 
Jerry: Well don't get too comfortable, as soon as Seth gets a real job you two  are gong back in that chicken supernova.   
Kramer: What is that Roger's Chicken? Oh get that outta here. 
Newman: I don't know. The man makes a pretty strong bird. 
Kramer: Well I'm boycotting it.   
Kramer: What is that, hickory? 
Newman: Yea, it's the wood that makes it good. 
Kramer: Really? 
Newman: Uh-Huh.   
Kramer: Oh stop it.     
Heather: Can I help you?   
Elaine: Hi, yea, I'm Elaine Benes, we met at Barney's, I'm a friend of George  Costanza's. Whether you're aware of it or not George had this  pathetic little plan to leave something behind so he could weazel a  second date. 
Heather: Really? 
Elaine: I know, he has a real confidence problem. 
George: Well not really... 
Elaine: George...Anyway I know you told him you didn't have the hat because  you didn't want to see him again. And, more sympathetic I could not  be. But I really do need to have that hat back. 
Heather: Look, I don't know what to tell you, but there's no hat here. I mean,  maybe the maid took it, I had people over, but... 
George: Well that makes sense. 
Elaine: Then you wouldn't mind if we took a second look around? 
Heather: Be my guest.   
George: Good to see you again.   
George: She's bluffing, she's got it stashed away in there somewhere. 
Elaine: This is an absolute disaster. 
George: Oh, I don't know. Check this out.   
Elaine: You stole her clock?   
Elaine: Well done. 
George: Yep, this one for our side!
Jerry : What is that creaking, its like I'm in the hold of a ship.  Gotta relax.    
Jerry : Hello, is somebody there? Mr. Marbles?   
Elaine: So I told Ipswitch I'd have the hat by this afternoon, what am I  gonna do? 
Kramer: You should sleep with him.   
Jerry: Hey everybody, I'm on no sleep, no sleep!. You don't know what it's  like in there, all night long things are creeping and cracking. And  that red light is burning my brain! 
Elaine: You look a little stressed. 
Jerry: Oh I'm stressed! 
Elaine: So Kramer what am I supposed to do? If I don't have that fur hat by  four o'clock they're gonna take me down like Nixon. 
Jerry: You know my friend Bob Sacamano? 
Elaine: I thought he was Kramer's friend. 
Jerry: Well, he called last night about 3 a.m. we got to talking, he sells  Russian hats down at battery park, forty bucks. 
Elaine: fourty bucks? Are they Sable? 
Jerry: No, but the difference is unnoticeable. 
Kramer: Oh yea, I like this idea. 
Elaine: Alright, lets give it a shot, lets go. 
Jerry: Giddee up!   
Newman: It's getting cold, it's getting cold. 
Kramer: That was a close one. 
Newman: Why do we have to keep this a secret from Jerry? 
Kramer: If Jerry finds out I'm hooked on Roger's chicken I'm back there with  the red menace.   
Ipswitch: Ms. Benes the hat you charged to the company was Sable, this is  Neutria. 
Elaine: Well, that's a kind of sable. 
Ipswitch: No, its a kind of rat. 
Elaine: That's a rat hat? 
Ipswitch: And a poorly made one, even by rat hat standards. I have no choice  but to recommend your prompt termination to the board of directors  nothing short of the approval of Peterman himself will save you this  time. 
Elaine: But, but, he's in the Burmese jungle. 
Ipswitch: Yes, and quite mad from what I hear. 
Elaine: Wait? Can I fire you? 
Ipswitch: No.   
Kramer: So Heather called? 
George: Yea, but get this, the message said 'call me if you have the time'.  Heh heh if I have the time, you get it? 
Kramer: No, but this is all very exciting. 
George: She knows that I have her clock, I know that she has my hat, I think  she's getting ready to make an exchange. 
Kramer: Of course there's the possibility that you've gone right out of your  mind. 
George: I've looked at that, seems unlikely. 
Kramer: I'd look again. So, how come you didn't call Jerry about all this? 
George: I can't talk to Jerry anymore, even since he moved into that  apartment he's too much ... like you. 
Kramer: That's a shame.   
Jerry: Seth, you're the manager, can't you turn off the sign? 
Seth: Jerry, I lied, I'm just he assistant manager.  Seth : Number sixty seven, family feast. 
Newman: Number 67, right here, right here! 
Jerry: Hello Newman. 
Newman: Hello Jerry. 
Seth: And don't forget your steamed broccoli. 
Jerry: Hold it, Newman, you wouldn't eat broccoli if it was deep fried in  chocolate sauce. 
Newman: I love broccoli, its good for you. 
Jerry: Really? Then maybe you'd like to have a piece?   
Newman: Gladly.   
Newman: Vile weed! 
Jerry: It's Kramer isn't it? The greasy door knob the constant licking of  the fingers, he's hooked to the chicken isn't he? 
Newman: Yes, now please. Someone, honey mustard.     
Kramer: Newman, what took you so long, oh hey buddy. 
Jerry: Expecting Newman? That's funny because I happened to find him at  Kenny Roger's Roasters. 
Kramer: Kenny Roger's? Whew, boy, I hate that place. 
Jerry: He was buying quite a load of chicken almost for two people, as long  as one of them is not him. 
Kramer: Oh hey Elaine stopped by, yea dropped off that Bob Sacamano hat, oh  she's upset at him, oh yes siree. Yea well thanks for stopping by. 
Jerry: I sure do miss my apartment maybe I'll switch back. 
Kramer: Oh you don't want to think about that no sir. Otherwise I'd have no  choice but to put that banner back up and run that Roger's right out  of town. 
Jerry: I don't think you will. As a matter of fact I'll save you the trouble,  I'll do it myself. 
Kramer: Yea, yea go ahead put the banner up doesn't matter to me. 
Jerry: Alright. 
Kramer: No Jerry! I need that chicken, I gotta have that chicken, you leave  those roasters alone, Kenny never hurt anybody. 
Jerry: You got a little problem. 
Kramer: Oh I got a big problem Jerry!   
Peterman: Elaine. 
Elaine: Mr. Peterman.   
Elaine: You speak Burmese? 
Peterman: No Elaine, that was gibberish. So did you have any trouble finding  the place? 
Elaine: No, you're the only white poet warlord in the neighborhood. 
Peterman: Are you an assassin? 
Elaine: I work for your mail order catalog. 
Peterman: You're an errand girl, sent by grocery clerks, to collect a bill. 
Elaine: Well, actually I do have a bill here, if you could just sign this  expense, I think I could still make the last fan boat out of here. 
Peterman: I'd be happy to Elaine ... but I will have to see this hat.   
George: So how do you want to do this? 
Heather: Alright George I'll be honest, the first time we went out, I found  you very irritating, but after seeing you for a couple of times, you  sorta got stuck in my head, Costanza!   
George: So you really don't have my hat? 
Heather: What?   
George: Oh. let's go do something. 
Heather: What's in bag? 
George: That's a sandwich.   
George: Damn salami. 
Heather: My clock, you stole it! 
George: That damn deli that is last time they screw up one of my orders.   
Jerry: Hey Seth, man it is coming down hard out there.   
Jerry: Oh, gross. That's not gonna be good for business. 
Seth: That's not gonna be good for anybody.   
Kramer: Kenny? ... Kenny?   
Kramer: Kenny....   
Jerry: Home at last.   
Jerry: Is someone there? Mr. Marbles?   
Elaine: Its the Urban Sombrero, I put it in the last catalog. 
Peterman: The horror...the horror.