Jerry: Are you sure you can't stay longer? 
Morty: No, we just came for the funeral. ` 
Helen: Poor Marvin Kessler, he went too early. 
Jerry: He was 96 years old. 
Morty: That had nothing to do with it, the man was out of shape. 
Helen: That's why we joined a program. We walk once around the block three times a week. 
Morty: And every morning I eat a plum. 
Jerry: Well, what ever you do, you're wearing me out. 
Helen: What about you? 
Morty: Yeah, looks like you're getting a little spare tire there, tiger. 
Jerry: Really?   
Kramer: Hey, Seinfelds! 
Morty: Hey, Mr. Kramer! 
Kramer: How long are you staying? 
Helen: We just came down for a funeral. 
Kramer: Oh yeah, yeah I heard, Marvin Kessler. Boy, that makes you think. If he could go... 
Helen: See you downstairs with the car. 
Jerry: Are you sure you don't need a hand with that? 
Morty: No no, the luggage is on the program. I got a brick in here.   
Jerry: Did you give blood? 
Kramer: No, not giving. hoarding. I'm storing it in to a blood bank. Just in case. 
Jerry: In case of what? 
Kramer: Jerry, I know myself. If I'm out on the street and it's starts to go down, I don't back off until it's finished. 
Jerry: Are we finished? 
Kramer: Done.      
Vivian: Elaine, I'm so glad you came out. 
Elaine: Yeah... 
Vivian: You haven't seen Jimmy for years. 
Elaine: I know, I'm glad I got to see him before he hit puberty and got, you know all lurchy and awkward. 
Vivian: Actually, I'm gonna need someone to look after him tomorrow evening. 
Elaine: Tomorrow evening, sure. 
Vivian: Do you know anyone responsible? 
Elaine: Do I know anyone?? 
Vivian: Well, if you think of anybody, give me a call.     
George: What are you doing? 
Tara: Incense, for the mood. 
George: Oh yes, by no means, the mood. Let me know if there's anything I can do to lend support to the mood.   
George: Um, cream soda? 
Tara: Vanilla.  --   
Elaine: Can you believe that, Vivian doesn't think I'm responsible? 
Jerry: Who wants to responsible? When ever anything goes wrong, the first thing they ask is: who's responsible for this? 
Elaine: I couldn't raise a kid? Come on, I love bossing people around.   
Jerry: What happened, I thought you were with Tara tonight? 
George: I was, I had to leave. She lit some vanilla incenses. The smell drove me nuts, all I could think about was food, I had to get out of there. We need some pudding here! Pudding! 
Elaine: You just left? What did you tell her? 
George: I told I had a bus transfer that was only good just for another hour. 
Jerry: What? 
George: I don't know, I was starving Jerry!   
George: Oh, pudding! You want some? 
Jerry: Hey, you guys think I'm getting a little...chunky? 
George: What are you kidding? We look great! You know what this pudding needs? The skin on the top, you know like your mother used to make it on the stove. 
Jerry: Elaine, what do you think? 
Elaine: I think you're getting a little pudding under the skin yourself.  
Kramer: My service rates went up? You banks are all the same with your hidden fees and your service charges. Well, maybe I'll just take my blood elsewhere, yeah.  Bank employee: Well, we can transfer to another bank for you. 
Kramer: Oh, no no no...no more banks. I'm keeping my blood in my freezer with...my money!     
George: So eh, what do you say? 
Tara: I guess we could use some food in our lovemaking. 
George: Ok, we got your...got your strawberries, your chocolate sauce, your pastrami on rye with mustard, your honey... 
Tara: Wait wait wait, pastrami on rye with mustard? 
George: Oh yeah yeah, don't you know they used pastrami in that movie 9 weeks? Remember the pastrami scene? 
Tara: No. 
George: Well, maybe it was Ghostbusters? Where ever it was, it worked!      
Jerry: Didn't go for it, huh? 
George: No. 
Jerry: So, she didn't appreciate the erotic qualities of the salted cured meats? 
George: She tolerated the strawberries and the chocolate sauce, but eh, it's not a meal, you know? Food and sex, those are my two passions. It's only natural to combine them. 
Jerry: Natural? Sex is about love between a man and a woman, not a man and a sandwich. 
George: Jerry, I'm not suggesting getting rid of the girl. She's integral. 
Jerry: Maybe instead of trying to satisfy two of your needs, how about satisfying one of somebody else's. 
George: Hey, speaking of which, I found a great way to separate the skin from the top of the pudding without leaving any around the edges; Exacto knife. 
Jerry: I told you George, no more pudding. I'm starting a purification program. Keep all that kind of food away from me. 
George: Well, I guess these would be out of the question.  
Jerry: What the hell is that? 
George: Pudding skin singles.  ----   
Kramer: Hey buddy, I'm borrowing all your Tupperware. 
Jerry: Oh, why? 
Kramer: I closed down my account at the blood bank. 
Jerry: What, it...it's here in the building? 
Kramer: Right across the hall. What, you wanna go see? 
Jerry: No I don't! In fact, if even one corpuscles of that blood should find it's way across that hall I will freak out on you Kramer! Freak out. 
Kramer: You know, for a fat guy you're not very jolly.   
Elaine: Hey, working out? 
Jerry: You know it and I ditched all my junk food.   
Kramer: What the heck is going on here? 
Jerry: Sorry buddy, clean house. It's all health food. 
Kramer: Well, I may have to take it, but I don't have to like it. 
Elaine: Vivian left me a message. I guess a certain someone changed her mind about whether someone was responsible enough to watch certain other someone. 
Jerry: Is this about me? 
Elaine: No. 
Jerry: Oh, then I lost interest.   
Elaine: Vivian, hi it's Elaine. Yeah, I'm over at Jerry's, I got your message...What? Yeah, he's right here, hold on... 
Kramer: For me? Go...Yeah, what tonight? Yeah, I'll be there...Yeah later.  Well, somebody's baby-sitting. 
Elaine: You? I'm more responsible than you are! 
Kramer: Don't be ridiculous. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to go to fill my freezer with my own blood.     
George: Oh, Tara!     
Kramer: Hello, Vivian! Oh, this is a nice screen.   
Elaine: Kramer... 
Kramer: Don't take my money! 
Elaine: It is me, you idiot. Hi, all right you've got to get out of here, I'm gonna baby-sit the hell out of that kid. 
Kramer: No, I'm the baby-sitter. 
Elaine: No no no, you're out, I'm in. Now, hit the road.   
Vivian: Elaine? What are you doing here? 
Elaine: Kramer is actually sleeping one off, so I thought that I'd help out... what's that, some raccoon or something... 
Vivian: Well, I guess this would be all right. Jimmy, you remember Elaine? She's gonna watch you tonight. 
Elaine: Hi Jimmy.  Ouch!   -   
Jerry: Hey, what are you doing here? I thought you were baby-sitting at Vivian's. 
Kramer: There was an incident. 
Jerry: Oh no, where's the blood?  It's in here isn't it? 
Kramer: Would you stop it. 
Jerry: What is this? 
Kramer: It's Jell-O. 
Jerry: What about this? This is blood isn't it?! 
Kramer: This is tomato juice, look... 
Jerry: Ooh, you're sick! You're sick!! 
Kramer: Will you calm down. I took all my blood down to Newman's. He let me put it in his meat freezer. 
Jerry: Hey, what's going on? Who made pudding? 
Kramer: Oh yeah yeah, George he came by and made more of those pudding skin singles. They're delicious. 
Jerry: Damn that George, I told him I don't want this stuff around here anymore...   
Kramer: Heads up! 
Jerry: Aaah...     
Jimmy: You're dead, president Lincoln! You're dead! 
Elaine: I wish I was dead. 
Jimmy: Can I have your juice? 
Elaine: As long as you don't put...   
Elaine: Thanks for the re-fill.   
Vivian: Hey, Elaine! How did it go? 
Elaine: Oh, he's...he's a joy... 
Vivian: Really? Some sitter have told me he's bit of a handful. 
Elaine: Oh, handful of sunshine. I wish I could do this every day. 
Vivian: Oh Elaine, that's so good to hear. I've been having a few health problems lately. 
Elaine: It's not serious, is it? 
Vivian: Well, it might be. Just in case anything does happen, it's nice to know there's somebody like you around. 
Elaine: Oh yeah, that eh...that is nice to know.   
Jerry: Aah! 
Kramer: It's ok, Jerry. I'm right here. 
Jerry: I can see that! What happened? 
Kramer: That knife, it nicked your jugular. You know Jerry, when somebody yells 'heads up', you're not supposed to actually look up. 
Jerry: I'll remember that. 
Kramer: Anyway, you were lucky that I was there. You lost a lot of blood. 
Jerry: What? 
Kramer: Oh yeah, you've got three pints of Kramer in you, buddy.     
George: Three pints of Kramer's blood? 
Jerry: I can feel his blood inside of me. Borrowing things from my blood. 
George: Well, so much for purification week. 
Jerry: So, how's the fornicating gourmet? 
George: Doing quite well, thank you. Yesterday I had a soft boiled egg and a quickie. You know what? If I could add TV to the equation, that would really be the ultimate. 
Jerry: George, we're trying to have a civilization here.   
Elaine: Hey. 
Jerry: Hey, how was baby-sitting? 
Elaine: Oh, just great. I found out that Vivian has some kind of medical problem and if the worst happens she wants me to take care of Jimmy. 
Jerry: Oh, I'm sure it won't be the worst. 
Elaine: It doesn't matter. If anything happens to her, I'm on deck! Scissors mishap, air show disaster, chinese organ thieves...it's a dangerous world. 
George: She's right, I heard Kramer got mugged out on the suburbs on a baby-sitting gig. 
Jerry: Really?  -   
Kramer: Look at this, look at the hair on the back of my neck. It's all bramble, see it's like thicket back there. Look, I need somebody to shave it for me, huh? 
Jerry: I'm not touching that thing. 
Kramer: Well, I have to say I'm very surprised and disappointed - blood brother. 
Jerry: Oh, no... 
Kramer: What? Jerry, I gave you my blood. Listen to your pulse,  hey buddy-hey buddy-hey buddy... 
Jerry: Kramer, I'm not shaving your neck. 
Kramer: So, my blood is not enough. Would you like a kidney too, because I'll give it to you? I'll rip it out right here and stack it on the table! 
Jerry: All right, all right I'll do it, sit down. 
Kramer: No no no, I don't have time right now. I'll catch you tonight, we'll do sort of an all over kind of thing, all right?   
Jerry: Hello?   
Helen: Kramer called, he told that you were in a hospital. 
Jerry: Kramer called you? 
Helen: He calls every week. Are you all right? 
Jerry: Yes, I'm fine. 
Helen: He says he's fine. 
Morty: Tell him to eat a plum. 
Helen: Jerry, you really have to take better care of yourself. We bought you some session with a personal trainer. 
Jerry: I don't need a personal trainer.  all right I've got to go, we'll talk about this later. 
Morty: Plum... 
Jerry: Why are you calling my parents? 
Kramer: Well, maybe if you called more often, I wouldn't have to. Listen, is it all right if I watch a tape in here? 
Jerry: Why here? 
Kramer: Well, I'm taping Canadian Parliament, you know on C-Span. 
Jerry: Ok... 
Kramer: Is it all right if I watch it in your bedroom, cause your bed is really nice? 
Jerry: Fine... 
Kramer: Ok!   
Jerry: No no no no no no no no no no! I do not want that in here! 
Kramer: Blood! 
Jerry: All right.   
Izzy: Hello, dough boy. 
Jerry: Mr. Mandelbaum? You're the personal trainer? 
Izzy: I'm here to whip you in to shape, so grab your jocks - if you need one. It's go-time.     
Vivian: Elaine? Elaine? 
Elaine: Oh, hi, oh God. I didn't here you come in. 
Vivian: Where's Jimmy? 
Elaine: I don't know, I don't know...we had HoHos for dinner and then eh...and then he put this plastic bag over his head and started running around until he got tired and then he laid down somewhere I...I tell you I'm no good watching that kid. 
Vivian: Sleeping like an angel. Elaine, you're the best. 
Elaine: No! I'm a scatter brain. That's why I probably can't hold a job or keep a man! 
Vivian: Be quiet. So, will you watch Jimmy tomorrow? 
Elaine: All right, but I'm running out of purses here.   
Jerry: Ok Mr. Mandelbaum, what you want me to do? 
Izzy: Drop your purse, and pick up that medicine ball. 
Jerry: Is this a gym, or some kind of fitness museum? 
Izzy: Not funny, over your head with it. Are you ready? 
Jerry: For what? 
Izzy: All aboard in the pain train!   
Jerry: How many session did my parents paid for? 
Izzy: Not enough to make a man of you, daffodil.     
George: Oohoho...spicy mustard...woohoho, you're hot tonight! 
Tara: Oh, George! 
George: And now for the trifecta.  
Tara: George? George? What are you doing?!  
George: Pleasuring you?  --   
Jerry: What is this? 
Kramer: We're making sausages.   
Jerry: I thought you were gonna watch a video. 
Kramer: Yeah, an instructional video about how to make your own sausages. 
Jerry: Kramer, I'm not in a mood for this. 
Kramer: All right, all right. Newman, let's go grab some mail sacks and haul these beauties out of here.   
Jerry: Blood over there, sausages over here. I'm living in a slaughter house.   
Izzy: Tonight I want you to sleep on this. Toughens the vertebrae.  What in holy hell? Sausages? Is this your diet? 
Jerry: No they're not mine Mr. Mandelbaum... 
Izzy: Don't lie to me, butter bean. We're taking it up a notch.  
Jerry: So, the free love buffet is over? 
George: I got greedy. Flew too close to the sun on wings of pastrami. 
Jerry: Yeah, that's what you did...I can't believe I got another session with Izzy Mandelbaum, he's probably makes me box a kangaroo.   
Jerry: What's going on? 
George: I don't know. This sandwich is making me flush. 
Jerry: Oh no, I'll tell you what you did Caligula; you combined food and sex in to one disgusting uncontrollable urge. 
George: I think you're right. You gonna eat that? 
Jerry: No, but please tell me that's all you're gonna do with it.   
Elaine: Jerry, I tell you; if this woman dies, it is going to be a major inconvenience. 
George: These fries are really really good... 
Jerry: All right, that's enough of that.  
Elaine: I mean I can't shake this woman. You know, now I have to go to Jimmy's birthday party. 
George: Uuh, sleepy. 
Elaine: No matter what I do, I cannot weasel out of raising this kid. 
Jerry: Well, sleepy here is quite a weasel, maybe he can bat for you. 
Elaine: Yeah, that's what I need; a pinch weasel.   
Kramer: Why did you get rid of that sausage? 
Jerry: It wasn't me, it was Mr. Mandelbaum. 
Kramer: Yeah well, Newman's not happy, he booted me out of his freezer. Look, I've got to take my blood back to the bank, can I borrow your car? 
Jerry: What's wrong with yours? 
Kramer: I got no A/C and I gotta keep the blood cold or it'll go bad. 
Jerry: All right, but this is it, this is the last favor, we're even! 
Kramer: All right, Even Steven. Oh, by the way, when you get back to your apartment try to keep it down because Newman is taking a nap in your bed.     
Kramer: Oh, man... "If the engine begins to overheat, turn off air conditioner". Never, I can't do that.   
Kramer: Oh, mama...   
Kramer: Shees, come on.....this thing is bone dry.    
Elaine: Vivian... 
Vivian: Elaine! 
Elaine: Hi! This is my friend George. 
Vivian: Hi... 
Elaine: I'm gonna go say hi to Jimmy. 
Vivian: Ok.  Elaine whispers to George: You're up. 
Vivian: Oh, isn't Elaine fantastic? 
George: Yes she is. It's a pity we won't be seeing much more of her. 
Vivian: Really, why? 
George: Oh, you haven't heard, she's going to live with her grandparents in Redding Pennsylvania. 
Vivian: Her grandparent passed away five years ago. 
George: Yes they did. I was covering. Elaine has been deported back to Scotland. 
Vivian: She's American citizen, I have seen her passport. 
George: All right, no more lies. Elaine is been chosen to represent the Upper West Side in the next Biosphere project. 
Vivian: I haven't heard anything about another Biosphere. 
George: That's because it's underwater. 
Vivian: This is insane. 
George: Is it? 
Vivian: Yes it it. 
George: Well, it's all for charity, so what's the difference.   
Vivian: You...very knowledgeable. 
George: Well, I'm also an architect. Is that pastrami? 
Vivian: Yes it is. I find the pastrami to be the most sensual of all the salted cured meats. Hungry? 
George: Very.   
Vivian: Oh, wait... Oohh... 
George: Vivian!!  
Jerry: Is this really necessary? 
Izzy: If you wanna live in a butcher shop, I'm gonna treat you like a piece of meat. 
Jerry: What if I can't keep up? 
Izzy: You lie, you dry. Fire it up, son.  
Izzy Jr.: Right dad, Mandelbaum, Mandelbaum...  
Izzy and Izzy Jr: Mandelbaum, Mandelbaum... 
Izzy: Move it, move it! Get those knees up! Come on, kick it, kick it! 
Jerry: What's going on?  
Izzy Jr.: There's something wrong with your car. It's dripping something on my feet. Some kind of red liquid. 
Jerry: Oh my God, the blood!  
Izzy Jr.: Blood!!   
Izzy: Get up boy, get up! We got a problem here! Tough it up. This is for real, you've got to want it...  
Elaine: So how long did they drag you? 
Jerry: Well, for the first quarter mile they thought that I was just doggin' it.   
Elaine: Hi George. Hi Jimmy. 
George: Yeah, Jimmy why don't you wait outside, you know, play with something.   
George: Ouch! 
Jerry: What's the kid doing here? 
George: I'm baby-sitting! Vivian asked me to raise him if she doesn't make it. 
Jerry: Oh, that's a drag...   
Kramer: That kid... 
Jerry: You put blood in the car?! 
Kramer: Jerry, it was overheating. You should take better care of that thing. 
Jerry: Well, they told me that I got more blood, so I guess I owe you again. 
Kramer: You didn't get the blood from me. 
Jerry: Then who?   
Newman: Hello Jerry. 
Jerry: Aaaaahhh...!!!  
Jerry and Kramer: Aaaahhh...!!!  
Jerry, Kramer and Newman: Aaaaahhh...!!!