Puddy: Alright, be careful with the car, babe. 
Elaine: Yeah, yeah. 
Puddy: And don't move the seat, I got it right where I like it. 
Elaine: Goodbye? 
Puddy: Two and ten, babe. 
Elaine: Okay. 
Puddy: Don't peel out. 
Elaine: I won't.  Elaine peels out and turns on the car stereo. She hears: "Jesus is one, Jesus is all, Jesus picks me up when I fall..." Elaine changes the stations but all of the presets are set to religious radio stations; "And he said unto Abraham...", "Amen! Amen!", "So we pray...", "Saved!", "Jey-sus!" She turns off the radio. 
Elaine: Jesus?   
Kruger: According to our latest quarterly thing,Kruger Industrial Smoothing is heading into the red. Or the black, or whatever the bad one is. Any thoughts? 
George: Well, I know when I'm a little strapped, I sometimes drop off my rent check having forgotten to sign it. That could buy us some time. 
Kruger: Works for me. Good thinking, George.  Co-worker 1: Alright, George.  Co-worker 2: Way to go man. 
George: Or we don't even send the check and then when they call, we pretend we're the cleaning service. Heh heh. "Hello? I sorry, no here Kruger." 
Kruger: Are you done? Silly voices, c'mon people, let's get real.  Co-worker 1: Good one.  Co-worker 2: That was bad.   
George: I had 'em, Jerry. They loved me. 
JerrY: And then? 
George: I lost them. I can usually come up with one good comment during a meeting but by the end it's buried under a pile of gaffs and bad puns. 
Jerry: Showmanship, George. When you hit that high note, you say goodnight and walk off. 
George: I can't just leave. 
Jerry: That's the way they do it in Vegas. 
George: You never played Vegas. 
Jerry: I hear things.  Elaine enters and has a seat. 
Elaine: Here's one. I borrowed Puddy's car and all the presets on his radio were Christian rock stations. 
George: I like Christian rock. It's very positive. It's not like those real musicians who think they're so cool and hip. 
Elaine: So, you think that Puddy actually believes in something? 
Jerry: It's a used car, he probably never changed the presets. 
Elaine: Yes, he is lazy. 
Jerry: Plus he probably doesn't even know how to program the buttons. 
Elaine: Yes, he is dumb. 
Jerry: So you prefer dumb and lazy to religious? 
Elaine: Dumb and lazy, I understand. 
George: Tell you how you could check. 
Elaine: How? 
George: Reprogram all the buttons, see if he changes them back. You know? The old switcheroo. 
Jerry: No, no, the old switcheroo is you poison your drink then you switch it with the other person's. 
George: No, it's doing the same thing to someone that they did to you. 
Jerry: Yeah, Elaine's gonna do the same thing to Puddy's radio that the radio did to her. 
George: Well that's the gist of it! 
Elaine: Quiet! So where is this Sophie? 
Jerry: Oh, she's picking me up in a few minutes. 
Elaine: How long have you two been together? 
Jerry: I dunno. Since the last one. Oh, here she is. You wanna meet her?  
Elaine and George: Nah.  Jerry leaves to go meet Sophie by the register. 
George: By the way, how did Puddy get back in the picture? 
Elaine: I needed to move a bureau.   
Kramer: Hey Jerry, you got any pepper? 
Mickey: Hey Jerry. 
Jerry: Hey Mickey. Check the pepper shaker. 
Kramer: Yeah.  See? It should sound like that, something like that. 
Mickey: Aah-choo. 
Kramer: A little wetter. See, I didn't believe it. 
Jerry: What's with the fake sneezing? 
Kramer: Yeah, we're going down to Mt. Sinai Hospital, See they hire actors to help the students practice diagnosing. 
Mickey: They assign you a specific disease and you act out the symptoms. It's an easy gig. 
Jerry: Do medical schools actually do this? 
Kramer: Well the better ones. Alright, let's practice retching.  
Kramer and Mickey: HUAAHHH!! 
Jerry: I think the phone is ringing.  Kramer and Mickey: HUAAHHH!! 
Jerry: Would you hold it a second?! Thank you, will you get out of here with that stuff? 
Kramer: Mickey, DTs.  Kramer and Mickey exit, shaking, while Jerry answers the phone. 
Jerry: Hello? 
Sophie: Hey. It's me. 
Jerry: Elaine? 
Sophie: No, it's me. 
Jerry: George?? 
Sophie: Jerry, it's Sophie. I can't believe you don't recognize my voice. 
Jerry: Oh, I knew it was you, I was joking. I'm a comedian.  Kramer enters. 
Kramer: You got any Ipecac? 
Jerry: Ipecac? Kramer, I really think you guys are going too far with this. 
Kramer: No, Mickey, he swallowed twelve aspirin. 
Jerry: Did he overdose? 
Kramer: No, it's just too much.   
Kruger: ...And it gets worse. The team working on the statue in Lafayette Square kind of over-smoothed it. They ground the head down to about the size of a softball, and that spells trouble. 
George: Alright, well why don't we smooth the head down to nothing, stick a pumpkin under its arm and change the nameplate to Ichabod Crane?  Everyone at the meeting breaks out in laughter.  
George: Alright! That's it for me. Goodnight everybody.   
Dr. Wexler: In your packet you will find the disease you have been assigned and the symptoms you will need to exhibit. 
Mickey: Bacterial Meningitis. Jackpot! 
Kramer: Gonorrhea? You wanna trade? 
Mickey: Sorry buddy, this is the "Hamlet" of diseases. Severe pain, nausea, delusions, it's got everything.  
Kramer: Howbout you, do you wanna trade? 
Man: Sure. 
Kramer: Okay, what do you got? 
Man: The surgeon left a sponge inside me. 
Kramer: Good luck with that.   
George: I knew I had hit my high note so I thanked the crowd and I was gone. 
Jerry: What did you do the rest of the day? 
George: I saw "Titanic". So that old woman, she's just a liar, right? 
Jerry: And a bit of a tramp if you ask me.  Elaine enters. 
Elaine: Hello boys. 
George: Hey, so, did you give that radio the old switcheroo? 
Elaine: I did. 
George: And the Christian rock? 
Elaine: Ressurected! And look what I pried off of his bumper, a Jesus fish! 
George: Jerry, do you have any fishsticks? 
Jerry: No. So you're disappointed he's a spiritual person? 
Elaine: Well yeah, I got him because he seemed so one-dimensional, I feel misled. 
George: I think it's neat. You don't hear that much about god anymore. 
Jerry: I hear things. Hey, so Sophie gave me the "It's me" on the phone today. 
Elaine: "It's me?" Isn't it a little premature? 
Jerry: I thought so. 
Elaine: Hah. She's not a "me". I'm a "me". 
George: I'm against all "it's me"s. So self-absorbed and egotistical, it's like those hip musicians with their complicated shoes!  Kramer enters. 
Kramer: Well, I got gonorrhea. 
Elaine: That seems about right. 
Kramer: That's what they gave me. 
George: They? The Government? 
Jerry: No, no. He's pretending he's got gonorrhea so med students can diagnose it. 
Kramer: And it's a waste of my talent. It's just a little burning. Mickey, he got bacterial meningitis. 
George: I guess there are no small diseases, only small actors.  The other three start laughing.  
George: Alright that's it for me. Good night everybody. 
Elaine: What was that? 
Jerry: Showmanship, George is trying to get out on a high note. 
Kramer: See, showmanship. Maybe that's what my gonorrhea is missing. 
Jerry: Yes! Step into that spotlight and belt that gonorrhea out to the back row. 
Kramer: Yes, yes I will! I'm gonna make people feel my gonorrhea, and feel the gonorrhea themselves.   
Student #1: And are you experiencing any discomfort? 
Kramer: Just a little burning during urination.  
Student #1: Okay, any other pain? 
Kramer: The haunting memories of lost love. May I?   Lights?  Our eyes met across the crowded hat store. I, a customer, and she a coquettish haberdasher.  Oh, I pursued and she withdrew, then she pursued and I withdrew, and so we danced. I burned for her, much like the burning during urination that I would experience soon afterwards.  Student #1: Gonorrhea?! 
Kramer: Gonorrhea!  The lab breaks out in spontaneous applause as Mickey turns up the lights and Kramer takes a bow.   
Jerry: One message. Hope it's not from you.  Answering machine: "Hey Jerry, it's me. Call me back." 
Jerry: Sophie. 
George: She's still doing that? 
Jerry: Yep. 
George: Alright, I'll tell you what you do. You call her back and give her the "it's me", heh? Pull the old switcheroo. 
Jerry: I think that's a "what's good for the goose is good for the gander". 
George: What the hell is a gander, anyway?  
Jerry: It's a goose that's had the old switcheroo pulled on it. Hi Sophie, it's me. 
Sophie: Hey Raef.  
Jerry: She thinks it's someone named Raef. 
George: Good, let her think it.  
Jerry: So, what's going on? 
Sophie: Not a lot. 
George: Ask about you, ask about you. 
Jerry: So, uh, how are things with Jerry? 
Sophie: Oh, I really like him but, well, I still haven't told him the tractor story. 
Jerry: Right, right, the tractor story. 
Sophie: Are you sick, Raef? You sound kinda funny. 
Jerry: I sound funny? 
George: Abort! Abort! 
Jerry: Yeah I better get to a doctor, bye.  That was close! What drives me to take chances like that? 
George: That was very real. 
Jerry: She said there's some tractor story that she hasn't told me about. 
George: Woah, back it up, back it up. Beep, beep, beep. Tractor story? 
Jerry: Beep, beep, beep? What are you doing?    
Elaine: So where do you wanna eat? 
Puddy: Feels like an Arby's night. 
Elaine: Arby's. Beef and cheese and do you believe in god? 
Puddy: Yes. 
Elaine: Oh. So, you're pretty religious? 
Puddy: That's right. 
Elaine: So is it a problem that I'm not really religious? 
Puddy: Not for me. 
Elaine: Why not? 
Puddy: I'm not the one going to hell.    
George: You know what I think? I bet she stole a tractor. 
Jerry: No one's stealing a tractor, it's a five-mile-an-hour getaway. We're dancing around the obvious, it's gotta be disfigurement. 
George: Does she walk around holding a pen she never seems to need? 
Jerry: No, she looks completely normal. 
George: Oh. Okay, here it is, I got it. She lost her thumbs in a tractor accident and they grafted her big toes on. They do it every day. 
Jerry: You think she's got toes for thumbs? 
George: How's her handshake? A little firm, isn't it? Maybe a little too firm? 
Jerry: I don't know. 
George: Hands a little smelly? 
Jerry: Why do I seek your counsel?  Elaine walks in. 
Elaine: Well I'm going to hell. 
Jerry: That seems about right. 
Elaine: According to Puddy. 
Jerry: Hey, have you heard the one about the guy in hell with the coffee and the doughtnuts and-- 
Elaine: I'm not in the mood.  
George: I'll have some coffee and a doughnut. 
Jerry: What do you care? You don't believe in hell. 
Elaine: I know, but he does. 
Jerry: So it's more of a relationship problem than the final destination of your soul. 
Elaine: Well, relationships are very important to me. 
Jerry: Maybe you can strike one up with the prince of darkness as you burn for all eternity.  
George: And a slice of devil's food cake.    
George: Hey. Where is everyone?  Mr. Kruger: They're all off the project. They were boring. George, you are my main man. 
George: I am?  Mr. Kruger: I don't know what it is, I can't put my finger on it, but lately you have just seemed 'on'. And you always leave me wanting more. 
George: This is a huge project involving lots of numbers and papers and folders.  
Mr. Kruger: Ah, I'm not too worried about it. Let's get started. 
George: Okay.  Mr. Kruger: George? Check it out.  Three times around, no feet. 
George: And?  Mr. Kruger: All me.   
Dr. Wexler: Alright, and here are you ailments for this week. By the way, Mr. Kramer, you were excellent. 
Kramer: Oh, thank you. 
Mickey: Cirrhosis of the liver with jaundice! Alright I get to wear make-up!  What did you get? 
Kramer: Gonorrhea? Excuse me, I think there's been a mistake, see, I had gonorrhea last week.  Dr. Wexler: Oh, it's no mistake. We loved what you did with it. 
Kramer: I don't believe this, I'm being typecast.   
Sophie: I move my knight... here. Check. 
Jerry: They should update these pieces, nobody rides horses anymore. Maybe they should change it to a tractor. 
Sophie: Jerry, are you embarrassed that you're losing? 
Jerry: Losing? You know, yesterday I lost control of my car, almost bought the farm. 
Sophie: Bought the farm? 
Jerry: Tractor! 
Sophie: This is an odd side of you, Jerry. I feel uncomfortable. 
Jerry: Wait, don't go. Let's thumb wrestle.  Sophie drops her purse and when she bends down to pick it up, Jerry nods knowingly.   
George: A scar? 
Jerry: A big long scar where her leg would dangle when she's riding a...? 
George: A tractor. 
Jerry: I'm sure she's a little self-conscious and doesn't like to talk about it. 
George: I don't see why's she more self-conscious about that than her toe thumbs. 
Jerry: She doesn't have toe thumbs. 
George: Well, if she keeps horsing around with that tractor-- 
Jerry: Alright. So how's the two-man operation at Kruger? 
George: Two-man? It's all me. Kruger doesn't do anything; Disappears for hours at a time, gives me fake excuses. This afternoon I found him with sleep creases on his face. The only reason I got out to get a bite today was that he finally promised to buckle down and do some actual work.  Oh, I don't believe this.  This is what I have to put up with, Jerry.  Mr. Kruger? Who said he was going to do some actual work today? Who?  Mr. Kruger: I'm not too worried about it. 
George: Well I am. Couldn't you try to go through some of that stuff I put in your shoebox?  Mr. Kruger: Alright, alright I'm going.  
George: Huh-ho! Have you ever seen anything like this? 
Jerry: Never.    
Puddy: Elaine, they forgot to deliver your paper today. Why don't you just grab that one. 
Elaine: 'Cause that belongs to Mr. Potato Guy, that's his. 
Puddy: C'mon, get it. 
Elaine: Well if you want it, you get it. 
Puddy: Sorry, thou shalt not steal. 
Elaine: Oh, but it's ok for me? 
Puddy: What do you care, you know where you're going. 
Elaine: Alright, that is it! I can't live like this. 
Puddy: Nah. 
Elaine: C'mon. 
Puddy: Alright, what did I do? 
Elaine: David, I'm going to hell! The worst place in the world! With devils and those caves and the ragged clothing! And the heat! My god, the heat! I mean, what do you think about all that? 
Puddy: Gonna be rough. 
Elaine: Uh, you should be trying to save me! 
Puddy: Don't boss me! This is why you're going to hell. 
Elaine: I am not going to hell and if you think I'm going to hell, you should care that I'm going to hell even though I am not. 
Puddy: You stole my Jesus fish, didn't you? 
Elaine: Yeah, that's right!  Elaine places her hands beside her head, index fingers raised as 'horns' and she emits a gutteral growling sound.   
Mickey: Oh, my liver! Why did I drink all those years? Why did I look for love in a bottle?  
Dr. Wexler: Mr. Kramer? You're up.  Kramer walks in, his face is noticably yellow. 
Mickey: Wait a minute. You are doing gonorrhea, aren't you? 
Kramer: Well, we'll see.  
Student #2: So, what seems to be bothering you today, Mr. Kramer?  
Kramer: Well, I guess it started about twenty years ago when I got back from Viet Nam, and this was the only friend I had left. 
Mickey: Hey! That's my cirrhosis! He's stealing my cirrhosis!  You wanna be sick? I'll make you sick.  They fall to the floor, wrestling.  
Student #2: Cirrhosis of the liver and PCP addiction?   
Father Curtis: Let me see if I understand this. You're concerned that he isn't concerned that you're going to hell. And you feel that she's too bossy.  
Elaine and Puddy: Yeah, that's right.  
Father Curtis: Well, oftentimes in cases of inter-faith marriages, couples have difficulty--  
Elaine: Woah, woah, woah! No one's getting married here.  
Father Curtis: You aren't? 
Puddy: No. 
Elaine: We're just, you know, having a good time.  Father Curtis: Oh, well then it's simple. You're both going to hell. 
Puddy: No way, this is bogus, man! 
Elaine: Well, thank you father.  Father Curtis: Oh, did you hear the one about the new guy in hell who's talkng to the devil by the coffee machine? 
Puddy: I'm really not in the mood, I'm going to hell. 
Elaine: Oh, lighten up. It'll only feel like an eternity.   
Sophie: You know, Jerry, there's this thing that I haven't told you about.  See, there was this tractor and, oh boy, this is really difficult. 
Jerry: Sophie, it's me. I know about the tractor story and I'm fine with it. 
Sophie: How could you know?  
Jerry: Shh. Shh. Shh. It's not important. What's important is I'm not gonna let a little thing like that ruin what could be a very long-term and meaningful relationship.  Kramer and Mickey barge in, they're in the middle of an argument. 
Kramer: ...I didn't say that, no. 
Mickey: You gave me gonorrhea, you didn't even tell me! 
Kramer: Well, I'm sorry. I gave you gonorrhea because I thought you'd have fun with it. 
Jerry: Hey, hey! I'm with someone. 
Kramer: Oh. Hello. 
Sophie: No, I understand. This could be a tough thing to deal with. The important thing is that you have a partner who's supportive.  
Kramer: You know? She's right. 
Sophie: Unfortunately, I didn't have a partner. I got gonorrhea from a tractor. 
Jerry: You got gonorrhea from a tractor?? And you call *that* your tractor story?? 
Kramer: You can't get it from that. 
Sophie: But I did. My boyfriend said I got gonorrhea from riding the tractor in my bathing suit.  
Jerry: Alright, that's it for me. You've been great. Goodnight everybody.   
George: Would you mind helping me out with some of this stuff?!?  
Mr. Kruger: You seem like you've got a pretty good handle on it. 
George: No! I don't! Don't you even care? This is your company! It's your name on the outside of the building! Speaking of which, the 'R' fell off and all it says now is K-uger!  
Mr. Kruger: K-uger, that sounds like one of those old-time car horns, huh?  K-uger! K-uger! 
George: Huh-ho! Oh! You are too much, Mr. Kruger! Too much!  
Mr. Kruger: Thank you George, you've been great. That's it for me. 
George: Oh no, you're not going out on a high note with me Mr. Kruger!  
Mr. Kruger: It's K-uger! 
George: No! No!  Mr. Kruger: Goodnight everybody!