Waitress: Careful, this plate is extremely hot.  
Elaine: Thank you. Ow! 
Waitress: I just told you it was hot. Why'd you touch it? 
Elaine: I just wanted to know what your idea of 'hot' is.  
Puddy: Hey, babe. You ready to hit the ice?   
Elaine: I am ready to skate up a-- ha, ha, ha...Why are you wearing that? 
Puddy: It's my winter coat. 
Elaine: A fur?  Puddy sits down in the booth. 
Puddy: Is there a problem? 
Elaine: A seemingly infinite supply.   
Elaine: Ow! Careful, it's hot.  
Puddy: Ow!  
Jerry: So, Puddy wear's a man fur? 
Elaine: He was struttin' around the coffee shop like Stein Erickson. 
Jerry: And, of course, you find fur morally reprehensible. 
Elaine: Eh, anti-fur. I mean, who has the energy anymore? This is more about hanging off the arm of an idiot. 
George: And this is the first you're seeing of the coat? 
Elaine: We never dated in winter. 
Jerry: You might want to get a look at that bathing suit drawer. 
Elaine: Oh, I walked by Bloomingdale's the other day, and I saw that massage chair we want to get Joe Mayo as an apartment gift. 
George: An apartment-warming gift? We got to give presents to people for moving? Birthdays, Christmas, it's enough gifts. I would like one month off. 
Jerry: Kramer said it's a perfect gift. That's what we're gettin' him. 
George: All right, but we're not buyin' it at Bloomingdale's. I will buy it, you pay me back later. I'll sniff out a deal. I have a sixth sense. 
Jerry: Cheapness is not a sense. 
Elaine: I can't stand Joe Mayo's parties. You know, the second you walk in, he's got you workin' for him. 'Hey, can you do me a favor? Can you keep an eye on the  ice, make sure we have enough?' Uh... 
Jerry: I had a great time at the last one. I was in charge of the music. I turned that mother out.   
Kramer: Hey. 
Jerry: Hey. 
Kramer: You got any pliers? 
Jerry: What, has Newman got another army man stuck in his ear? 
Newman: Hilarious. 
Kramer: Newman and I are reversing the peepholes on our door. So you can see in. 
Elaine: Why? 
Newman: To prevent an ambush. 
Kramer: Yeah, so now I can peek to see if anyone is waiting to jack me with a sock full of pennies. 
Jerry: But then anyone can just look in and see you. 
Kramer: Our policy is, we're comfortable with our bodies. You know, if someone wants to help themselves to an eyefull, well, we say, 'Enjoy the show.' 
Elaine: I'm sorry I can't stay for the... second act.  Jerry pulls a stub of paper out of his wallet. 
Jerry: Hey, George. Here's the model number on that chair, by the way. 
Kramert: Mmm... Nice wallet. 
Newman: Wallet. 
Jerry: What?  
Kramer: Nobody carries wallets anymore. I mean, they went out with powdered wigs. Yeah, see here's what you need. Just a couple of cards and your bankroll.  See, keep the big bills on the outside. 
Jerry: That's a five.  Kramer singing as he switches his peephole around: 
Kramer: I'm on the Mexican, whoa ohh, radio...  
Silvio: Eh, what are you doing? 
Kramer: Hey, Silvio. Yeah, I'm reversing my peephole. 
Silvio: Hey, you know you gotta get permission from me. I'm the super. Who said you could do that? 
Kramer: Well, who says I can do any of the things I do in my place? 
Silvio: Like what? 
Kramer: Well, I... uh, nothing. No, I'll, um, I'll switch it back. 
Silvio: No, no, no, no. No, that's all right. 
Kramer: Well, that's good. Because, uh, Newman and I-- 
Silvio: Newman? He did this, too? 
Kramer: Well, yeah. 
Silvio: I deal with him.  
George: Hey, look at this. This is the same massage chair we're gettin' for Joe Mayo, $60 cheaper. 
Jerry: Except the store's in Delaware. 
George: I'll have 'em overnight it. 
Jerry: Maybe cheapness is a sense. You know it is better without this big wallet. It's more comfortable. 
George: It doesn't matter if it's more comfortable. It's wrong. 
Jerry: Why?  George pulling out his wallet. 
George: Because important things go in a case. You got a skull for your brain, a plastic sleeve for your comb, and a wallet for your money.  
Jerry: But look at this thing. It's-it's huge. You got more cow here than here. 
George: I need everything in there. 
Jerry: Irish money? 
George: I might go there. 
Jerry: Show this card at any participating Orlando-area Exxon station...to get your free 'Save the Tiger' poster.  
George: All right, just gimme that. And gimme some of those Sweet & Lows.   
Kramer: Who is it? 
Newman: It's Newman. 
Kramer: What do you want? I'm in the middle of something. 
Newman: I can't believe I'm being evicted. 
Kramer: What? What are you talking about? 
Newman: The reverse peepholes. Silvio said I'm an agitator and I'm out of the building. 
Kramer: No. No, he can't do that. 
Newman: I'm homeless! I'm gonna be out on a street corner, dancing for nickels. I'll be with the hobos in the trainyard, eating out of a bucket. 
Kramer: Come on, we'll go and talk to him, and we'll straighten this thing out.   
Newman: Uh, you, uh, you better put something on.  
Jerry: George, I am loving this no wallet thing. 
George: A man carries a wallet. 
Jerry: You know, the very fact that you oppose this makes me think I'm onto something.  
Joe Mayo: Hey, Jerry. 
Jerry: Hey, Joe Mayo. Nice place.  
Joe Mayo: Thanks. George, can you do me a favor and stay by the phone in case anybody calls and needs directions?  George tossing his coat on a chair. 
George: Love to.  
Joe Mayo: Thanks. Jerry... 
Jerry: Music?  
Joe Mayo: Actually, can you keep an eye on the aquarium and make sure nobody taps on the glass? 
Jerry: But I could do that and the music.  
Joe Mayo: Oh, no, don't worry about the music. Just... have fun! 
Jerry: I was ready to get jiggy with it.  
Puddy: Hey. 
Jerry: Hey, Elaine. 
Elaine: Hey. I think you know Dr... Zaius.   
Jerry: So, Elaine, notice anything different about my... pants?  
Elaine: So, George... did you get the chair? 
George: No, I don't have it yet. 
Jerry: So, we're givin' him nothing?  
George: No, I brought a picture of the chair. 
Jerry: Did you at least get him a card? 
George: I thought we'd all sign the picture.  
Joe Mayo: Elaine... 
Elaine: Hey, Joe Mayo.  
Joe Mayo: I need you to be in charge of coats.   
Elaine: Oh, fantastic.  
Joe Mayo: And Puddy, can you make sure no one puts a drink on my...sound system? 
Puddy: Sure thing, Joe Mayo.  
Jerry: Hi, I'm Jerry. How do you like my pants? 
Keri: Nice. 
Jerry:  It's working.  Don't tap on the glass. 
George:  Joe Mayo's apartment? 
Puddy:  Hey! Cocktail off the speaker.   
Elaine: Goodbye, Dr. Zaius.  
Silvio: Why are we in Jerry's apartment? 
Kramer: Well, I, uh, I like to think of this as my conference room. Yeah, it has a more formal atmosphere, you know, with the shelves, and the furniture. 
Silvio: Make it quick Kramer, my wife and I are about to go bowling. 
Kramer: Oh, well, um, Newman thinks that you, uh, evicted him? 
Silvio: I did. I don't like Mr. Newman. He is an agitator. 
Kramer: Look... I've known Newman all my life, in the building, and you're all wrong about him. He's a model tenant. Portly, yes, but smart as a whip. 
Silvio: OK, on your word he can stay. 
Kramer: All right. 
Silvio: But... I'm gonna keep my eye on him. 
Kramer: Well, you won't regret it.   
Silvio: What's wrong?    
Joe Mayo: Elaine, thanks for coming. 
Elaine: Good working with you.  
Puddy: All right, let's hit the bricks.   
Elaine: What?  
Joe Mayo: Hey, I got a coat just like this! 
Elaine: Oh. Uhhh...   
Elaine: So Joe Mayo had the same coat. 
George: And you threw it out the window? 
Elaine: Mm-hmm. 
George: God, you're like a rock star. 
Elaine: So now Joe Mayo wants me to buy him a new coat. 
Jerry: Because you threw it out. 
Elaine: No, because I was in charge of the coats. It's... insane. 
Jerry: But you did actually throw his coat out the window. 
Elaine: But he doesn't know that. As far as he knows, somebody stole it, and that's the person who should be responsible. 
Jerry: But that's you. 
Elaine: So I guess I'll have to buy him a new coat, even though I don't think I should be held responsible, which I am anyway.  
George: Well, I'm satisfied. Uh...my back is...killing me. 
Jerry: Of course. Because of that wallet. You-you got a filing cabinet under half of your ass. 
George: This...is an organizer, a secretary, and a friend. 
Elaine: Look at you. You're on a slant. 
George: Here, just give me a couple of napkins.   
George: There, there I'm fine.   
Jerry: What was that? 
George: I think I had some hard candy in there.   
George: No, no, this is supposed to go to Joe Mayo's apartment.  
George: Ahhh. How does this thing work?  George turns the chair on. 
George:Ahhhhh...  
Delivery Man: Sir, do you want me to deliver this to your friend's place or not? 
George: Ahhhhh...  
Keri: Ready to go? 
Jerry: All set. I can't believe I'm going dancing. 
Keri: You don't go that often? 
Jerry: No, because it's so stupid. Shall we?  
Keri: Do me a favor. Can you hold this stuff for me? 
Jerry: Compact, lipstick, all this?   
Keri: And can you help to carry my keys?  
Jerry: What are you, a medieval dungeon master?   
Keri: And a tin of altoids.  
Jerry: Ow! Sharp key.   
Kramer: So, you're sleeping with Silvio's wife? 
Newman: Well, there's very little sleeping going on. 
Kramer: Well, why didn't you tell me about this? 
Newman: Quite frankly, I don't see how it's any of your business. 
Kramer: Well, it's my business now. Look, I stuck up for you. Man, if he catches you, we're both out.  
Newman: Hey, what is that up that tree? 
Kramer: Hoooh! Man, that looks like a dead bear. 
Newman: No, that's a fur coat! Hey, uh, give me a boost.   
Kramer: Man, where did you learn to climb trees like that? 
Newman: The Pacific Northwest.  Elaine with Jerry at his apartment. 
Elaine: So, you had to carry some of Keri's stuff. Big deal. 
Jerry: You don't understand. I went on a successful pocket diet, and I want to keep that weight off.  
Elaine: You know what? We sell this thing at Peterman that would be perfect for you. 
Jerry: Not more of that crap from the Titanic? 
Elaine: No. No. It's a small men's carryall. 
Jerry: I'm not carrying a purse.  
Elaine: It's not a purse. It's European.  
Jerry: Oh. 
Elaine: Hey, did George buy Joe Mayo that chair yet?  
Jerry: I don't know. 
Elaine: If I'm gettin' him a new fur, I'm not chippin' in on a gift, too.  
George: Yeah? 
Jerry: Hey, George, did you get Joe Mayo that chair yet? 
George: Not yet. Oh! Ho ho! God... 
Jerry: What? 
George: It's in... transit. 
Elaine: Did he get it? 
Jerry: No. 
Elaine: Mmm, good. Tell him I'm out.  George  What, she's out? 
Jerry: Well, so what? You're gettin' a deal, right? We'll split it three ways. 
George: Allllll right! 
Jerry: What is that noise?  George hangs up the phone: That's my toaster. I got to go. Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh! 
Jerry: You know, sometimes I get the feeling George isn't being completely honest with me.  
Kramer: Hey. Oh, uh, yeah. Uh, here are your pliers back....Weak hinge. 
Elaine: Well, I guess I better go and price fur coats. 
Kramer: Oh, go down to 88th Street. They're free. 
Elaine: What are you talking about? 
Kramer: Well, they're hanging from the trees. You know, Newman found one there yesterday. Man, that guy can climb like a ring-tailed lemur!  
Elaine: 88th Street? That's where Joe Mayo lives. That's the coat! 
Jerry: What was that pop sound? 
Kramer: Well, I had some hard candy in there.  
Newman: So, to what do I owe this unusual invitation?  
Elaine: Come in, come in. 
Newman: Ahh! This is very much as I imagined it to be. Aside from this rattan piece, which seems oddly out of place. 
Elaine: Please, sit down. Newman, um, I wanted to talk to you about something. 
Newman: This isn't about my opening your mail? 
Elaine: What? 
Newman: Because I don't, never have, anything I read was already open. 
Elaine: Uh, yeah, uh, no. Newman, uh, I heard that you found a fur coat in a tree. And, I believe that it belongs to a friend of mine, and I'd like to give it back to him. 
Newman: Sorry. Climbers, keepers. 
Elaine: You know, Newmie. Um, I know how you feel about me, and I have to tell you, I'm quite flattered. 
Newman: You are? 
Elaine: Oh, yeah. I mean, of all the men that I know, you're the only one who's held down a steady job for several years. 
Newman: Well, it's-it's interesting work, I don't mind it. 
Elaine: Ha ha ha ha. 
Newman: Don't you have a-a boyfriend? A, uh, burly, athletic type? 
Elaine: Uh, don't worry, he's cool. 
Newman: Cool? 
Elaine: Very cool. So, what do you say? Can you do this one little favor, Newmie? 
Newman: Oh, how I've waited for this moment. But alas, my heart belongs to another man's wife, and I have given the coat to her. 
Elaine: All right, we're done here. 
Newman: For I am in love with Svetlana, and I don't care if the whole world knows, except for Silvio, who would throw me out of the apartment, where I would be  dancing on the sidewalk-- 
Elaine: Thank you, thank you, thank you very much.  
Keril: Nice carryall. 
Jerry: It's European. 
Keri: Do you still have my lipstick? 
Jerry: Uh, yeah, I think I do. I can never find anything in here. Ah, here it is. So, that Joe Mayo throws the worst parties, doesn't he? So what was your job? 
Keri: My job was to keep you away from the music. 
Jerry: What, he doesn't like my taste in music? 
Keri: Guess not. 
Jerry: You should've been there last year. I got jiggy with it!  
Silvio: Kramer! It's Silvio! Open up, I need to talk to you! I can see you through the reverse peephole. 
Kramer: Hey, Silvio!  Silvio holding up a fur coat. 
Silvio: Look at this. 
Kramer: Huh? 
Silvio: Svetlana says she find it in the laundry room, but I think it is a gift from that postman agitator. Where is he? 
Kramer: Relax, Silvio. 
Silvio: No, that's it. You're both out of the building! 
Kramer: Oh, come on! Hey, Newman didn't even give her that! No, that's not even a woman's coat. It's a man's! 
Silvio: A man's? 
Kramer: Yeah. 
Silvio: What kind of a man would wear fur? 
Kramer: Oh, lots of 'em. 
Silvio: Would you? 
Kramer: No. 
Silvio: Then who? 
Kramer: What about Jerry? 
Silvio: Jerry? 
Kramer: Yeah, sure, he's a celebrity. Oh, yeah, they wear a lot of furs. They're desperate, insecure people. 
Silvio: Yes, you are right. It's all about, me, me, me. Please, look at me! I am so pretty! Love me! Want me! 
Kramer: Yeah, something like that.  Jerry in his apartment with Kramer. 
Jerry: I have to do what? 
Kramer: All you have to do is wear the fur so Silvio thinks it's yours. 
Jerry: I'm not wearing the fur. 
Kramer: Well, then, Newman and I, we get thrown out of the building. 
Jerry: Is that right? 
Kramer: All right, why don't you just take a good, hard look at what your life will be like if I'm not around? 
Jerry: Newman, too? 
Kramer: Oh, come on, man! Well, I'll tell you what, if you do this, I'll give you that walkman you're always asking about. 
Jerry: That's my walkman! 
Kramer: And you'll get it back. 
Jerry: All right. 
Kramer: All right. Good, thanks, I owe you one. 
George: Hey. 
Kramer: Oh, hey, and by the way, uh, that walkman was broke when you gave it to me. 
Jerry: George, did you get that chair yet? 
George: It gets here when it gets here. Would you stop ridin' me? 
Jerry: You know what? Just call up and cancel it. I'm out. 
George: Excuse me? 
Jerry: Joe Mayo doesn't like my taste in music. He's not gettin' a gift from me. 
George: Oh, I can't believe you're dropping out, too. So now Kramer and I have to pay for the entire gift? 
Kramer: Whoa, whoa. Now, who's this Joe Mayo everyone's talking about? 
George: He's the guy we're the buying the chair for, remember? It was your suggestion. 
Kramer: I think the chair is a fantastic gift idea. But I never heard of this Joe Mayo. And frankly, it sounds made up. 
George: Oh, so now I have to buy this whole chair by myself? 
Jerry: No, you don't have to buy anything. 
George: I already bought it! I've been lyin' to you for three days, and now you're all screwin' me! 
Jerry: I don't understand. Why didn't you tell us you had it? 
George: I needed it! My back is... a little tweaked. 
Jerry: Because of your giant wallet. Just get rid of it! 
George: Never! It is a part of me. I will just return the chair, and it will be easy, because the receipt is in my good friend. 
Jerry: Your good friend is morbidly obese. 
George: Well, at least, I'm not carrying a purse. 
Jerry: It's not a purse. It's European! 
Kramer: All right, Silvio's down there. He's shoveling the walk. Now, all you gotta do is put this on, you go down to the corner, you pick up a paper, and you come  right back. 
Jerry: All right.  Kramer puts the coat on Jerry. 
Kramer: There you go. 
Jerry: How do I look? 
Kramer: Ahh....  George pulls down a tab from an ad he sees on the street. 
George: Learn guitar, first lesson free? Huh.   
George: My receipts! The chair! My tiger poster! 
Jerry: Hey, Silvio, just out for a little stroll in my favorite fur coat. 
Silvio: That is your coat? 
Jerry: It sure is. 
Silvio: Kramer says you need it because you're an entertainer and you're desperate for attention. 
Jerry: That's true.  Kramer giving Jerry his carryal. 
Kramer: Jerry, you forgot your purse. 
Jerry: Oh, thanks. 
Kramer: Hey, Silvio, look at Jerry here, prancing around in his coat with his purse. Yup, he's a dandy. He's a real fancy boy. 
Jerry: Maybe this isn't my coat. 
Kramer: All right, you're not fancy! 
Silvio: No, he's very fancy! Want me, love me! Shower me with kisses!   
Elaine: Jerry, where'd you get it? That's his coat. 
Jerry: No, it's not. It's mine. I'm a fancy boy. 
Elaine: No, that's not your coat. 
Silvio: If that is not his coat, whose coat is it? 
Elaine: It's Joe Mayo's coat. 
Silvio: Who's Joe Mayo? 
Kramer: That must be the man that's sleeping with your wife.   
Jerry: Hey! Officer! Someone took my European carryall! 
Cop: Your what? 
Jerry: The...black, leather...thing with a strap. 
Cop: You mean a purse? 
Jerry: Yes, a purse. I carry a purse! 
Jerry: So, Silvio ambushed Joe Mayo? 
Elaine: Yeah, he was waitin' inside his apartment for him with a sock full of pennies. 
Jerry: He should have had a reverse peephole.  
Puddy: Hey, Babe.   
Jerry: Hello? Hello? 
Elaine: What is that? 
Puddy: It's my new coat. 
Elaine: You ditched the fur? 
Puddy: Yeah, I saw Jerry wearing his. He looked like a bit of a dandy. Check it out! 8-Ball! You got a question, you ask the 8-Ball. 
Elaine: You're gonna wear this all the time? 
Puddy: All signs point to 'Yes!'