Shabba!
Will, get your feet off the furniture.
I'm sorry about that, Uncle Phil.
Why aren't you doing your homework?
No, see, I was just How many times have I told you not to eat on the couch? And while we're on the subject It's kind of fly, right? Don't you wish you lived on TV? Must be what it sounds like to wake up in Little Richard's crib.
What's with Dad, anyway, waking us up at 6:00 a.
M? Now I'll never know how that dream ends.
She dumps you, Carlton.
Hey, look, all I'm saying is, just 'cause he own the crib and pay all the bills and everything, he think he can tell us what to do.
Now, I don't know about y'all, but I ain't having it.
I think it's time for somebody to straighten him out.
Step to it, Ash.
Will, we're going to go down and help rebuild the old neighborhood and I don't want any attitude from you.
What? I had a fabulous time, Wesley.
Why don't you come in? Don't be silly, they won't be up for hours.
Night, Sister Mary Margaret.
Daddy, have you lost weight? Hilary.
Sister Mary Margaret drives a Porsche? Man, they must got it going on down at the convent, huh? Hilary, what were you doing out all night? I wasn't out all night, I just got up early to go to mass.
We're not Catholic.
Well, is my face red.
Good night.
Hold it, young lady.
I want you to go upstairs and change your clothes.
We're meeting Reverend Williams and the church group in half an hour.
Excuse me? You said you'd come down to the old neighborhood with us.
Remember? I also said Daddy lost weight.
Hilary, go change your clothes.
Now! This is too important.
I'm not gonna let you get out of this.
Boy, Uncle Phil and Aunt Viv sure are hyped up about going down to their old neighborhood.
Brother, I can just hear them 
"Look, kids, this is where we lived when we first got married.
"And this is the little park where we walked little Hilary.
" "And, look, there's the pet store where we bought little Carlton.
" I think it's cute.
They're going to be mushy and lovey-dovey all day.
Vivian, what the hell is the matter with you? You've been avoiding me ever since I got home yesterday.
What did I do? Come on, tell me.
Is it something that I did, or something that I didn't do or Oh, my God.
Happy anniversary, sweetheart.
It's not our anniversary, Philip.
Oh, God, good.
Well, what is it?
You're wearing that shirt.
Why not? It's my around-the-house shirt.
I've worn it around the house every weekend for years.
That's what I mean.
Philip, you have become so predictable.
Vivian, don't you think you're being just a wee bit erratic this morning? Absolutely not.
Philip, look at my hair.
I can't go out like this.
I gotta go to the salon.
Well, you went yesterday, sweetheart that's why we couldn't have lunch together.
Right, you're right.
Henri tried something new, do you like it? Will, what do you think? Will! Well, actually, Aunt Viv, you got a kind of a Don King Kris Kross, Bride of Frankenthing going.
Not many people could pull it off.
You know, as you're proving, right, but What, Carlton? Vivian, where were you yesterday? Shooting baskets with Michael Jordon.
You know, Clair would never talk to Cliff like that.
What, Carlton? Yo, my brother, when the going gets tough, the tough gets going.
It's Hammer time.
Sorry about that, man, you know, you have to excuse my cousin you know, he's an idiot.
Carlton, can you please relax, man? Okay, I won't say another word.
I won't even make eye contact.
Oh, God, what a stallion.
Time to saddle up.
Yo, what's up, baby? Hurry up, write your number down before I don't want it no more.
I'm sorry.
How are you doing? I'm Will and this is my cousin, Carlton.
Hi, I'm Simone.
Thanks for coming down.
I'm going to show you what to do.
And I'm going to buy you a car.
No, thanks.
But I do need a strong pair of arms.
That would be me.
I got that.
Carlton can't help you, he's on the debate team.
Really, I'm captain of my debate team.
Simone, where you want me to go with this? How about over there somewhere, like, say, Cleveland? Tell me to go to Cleveland, mushroom head.
Well, I guess we better get busy.
All right! Oh, right.
Listen, Simone, why don't you come by the school on Monday we're debating Roe v.
Wade.
Oh, reproductive rights! No, row versus wade, the best way to cross a stream.
You've got a great sense of humor.
Yeah, I know.
What's the matter?
It's just a splinter.
Better let me take a look at that finger for you.
Damn!
Problem, sir? It's Vivian.
I don't know what's gotten into her.
This morning she told me that I've become too
Predictable, sir?
Yes, that's exactly what she said.
She said that I wear the same
Blue shirt every weekend, sir? Yes, I mean, just because a man has Froot Loops every morning.
Just because I watch
Lega/ Beag/es every night.
Does that mean that I've become predictable? Absolutely not, sir.
Why, you're a regular hotbed of spontaneity.
You're welcome.
Thank you.
Hilary, why doesn't anyone want my soda? Because your soda's flat.
Do you believe this mess, man? I thought we was here to work.
Don't even sweat it, man.
Most of those fools ain't coming back here, anyway.
A few more months, everybody's conscience will be cleared and things will be back to status quo.
Half these people don't even understand what really went down here, man.
Yeah.
Hey, I'm Noah, man.
Hey, what's up? Will.
And then when I was 12, I played Maria in an all-boy production of West Side Story.
Carlton, slow down.
I want to hear more about your collection of Sea-Monkeys.
Will you marry me? Well, there go the nerdyweds.
Vivian, wait.
Now, you cannot avoid me all day.
Now, where were you yesterday? Philip, I love you sweetheart.
Trust me, you're my husband.
And, as your husband, I have a right to an explanation.
And, as your wife when I think of something, you'll be the first one to know.
Don't I'm not finished with you yet, woman.
Well, I'm through with you, man.
Yeah, that's right, I'm bad.
Man, I'm beat.
Got blisters on top of blisters.
Yeah, me, too.
Hey, so what time you coming back tomorrow? I can't make it tomorrow, man.
I got school and everything, you know.
Oh, yeah.
Well, I'll get with you next weekend, then.
Oh, man.
Well, I can't make it next weekend, you know I got a date on Saturday and then I got a ball game on Sunday.
So, you know how it is, man.
Yeah, I know how it is.
You're not coming back.
Wait, hold up, man, I'm coming back.
No, you're not, man.
I bet you feel pretty good about yourself, don't you? I mean, you come down here, do the right thing then you go home patting yourself on the back 'cause you helped out the poor folk.
Hold up, man.
Yo, I'm from Philly.
We had to save up to be poor.
Why you sweating me like this man, what's up? 'Cause, you're just like all the rest of them.
You come around here with the X cap and them cool Doc Martens and you're all "dope" and "word to your mother.
" And you think that makes you committed? Let me tell you something, this ain't no game.
And if you think that it is, then maybe you should go home 'cause you're not welcome here.
Tell Dan Quayle I said, "What's up.
" Now I'm not welcome here, right? Well, you got your story a little wrong, homey.
This community appreciates me.
I don't even know Dan Quayle.
Hey, I'm going to knock your head off, slimeball.
Yo, man! Help! Shut up, bad man.
Put your hands up and put down the toaster.
Put your hands up in the air, put down the toaster.
Make up your mind, man.
What do you want me to do first? Will! What the hell is going on in here? Dad, don't do anything stupid, you haven't updated your will yet.
Oh, my God.
Hector? Yeah, what? Wait Wait a minute, I know you.
Yeah, ain't you the guy from Fami/y Matters?
Yes!
No, I'm Philip.
Philip Banks.
Curly?
Yeah.
Oh, my God! Curly? They must go way back.
Vivian, come here quick.
Oh, my God, what's it been, years? Oh, I don't believe it.
It's Hector Alvarez.
Oh, kids, look it's Hector.
Hector! How are you?
You look wonderful.
So do you.
Who's Hector?
I don't know, but be nice to him he's got a bat.
Stay where you are, punk.
I caught this little creep stealing.
I'll go call the police.
I got a quarter.
Now, hold on.
Hector, there must be some mistake.
This is y eah, this is our nephew, Will.
You mean little Willie from Philly? But, of course, who else could it be with those muy grandes orejas?
What does that mean?
Big ears.
Hector, let me see that bat for a second.
I'm sorry about the bat, folks.
You know, I guess I'm a little jumpy.
I've been robbed a couple of times, man.
I'm sorry to hear that, Hector.
Yeah.
Come on, now, kids, you remember Hector.
I'll remember him now! Sweetheart, before you were born, we used to live here.
Right above Hector's grocery store.
Wait, this is the old apartment? Hector, I love what you've done with the place.
Well, we didn't have a lot, but we always had enough to eat
thanks to Hector.
That's right.
Even if you didn't have any money, you had all the food you needed long as he liked you.
I guess y'all was in love then, huh, Uncle Phil? So, Perry Mason, how is the crusading business coming, man? Are you still fighting for little guys like me? Well, I'm still fighting, but it's corporate mergers mostly.
So you're not working out of a little storefront anymore? Well, no, my office has gotten a little bit bigger but it's just a few miles from here.
You work in Beverly Hills, Uncle Phil.
Beverly Hills.
Hey, Curly, that's terrific! Hey, maybe now you can pay me back for some of those Ring Dings? He ain't doing that well.
Hector, I just cannot believe our old apartment went up in flames.
Yeah, there's been a lot of changes since you've been gone.
It's still nice to have you back.
Well, look, I'll be downstairs.
You know what? I never gave you kids a wedding present.
Best of luck, huh? You know, Aunt Viv, Uncle Phil, I used to love coming out here to visit y'all.
Hey, Ashley, check this out.
This is where Aunt Viv used to measure how tall we was getting.
Look, here's me.
Will, there's you.
Look, there's Carlton.
You know, Aunt Viv, Uncle Phil, there was a lot of love shared in this room.
Don't even think about kissing me.
Hilary, time to set the table.
Baby, why are you throwing your doll in the garbage? Well, I tried flushing her down the toilet, but the little creep floats.
I want a new doll.
Baby, it's all we can afford right now.
With all the free legal aid your daddy gives we're barely covering expenses but there are more important things in life than fancy clothes and big houses.
What have you been smoking? Yo, Uncle Phil, how you going to play a nephew? On his behind, Will.
That honey was about to invite me up for some milk and cookies.
That honey was old enough to be your mother.
Word up, and she was divorced, too.
Parents just don't understand.
Hey, big guy, got time to read me a bedtime story? Sure, Carlton, what's it going to be? Cat /n The Hat or Curious George? No, The Wa// Street Journa/, the part where AMC goes belly up.
Are you sure we're all related? Mom, Dad, I've been thinking it over and I've decided what I want to be when I grow up.
What, tall?
That's nice, honey, what?
President of the United States.
Well, that would make me very proud, Carlton.
Imagine, my son, the country's first black president.
I'm black? Hello? One second, please.
Philip, it's Mr.
Firth from the law firm.
Hello, Mr.
Firth? Yes.
I would love to meet with the other partners.
Next Thursday is great.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
All right, hold it now.
Don't want to get anybody's hopes up but Mr.
Firth wants me to come back for a second interview.
I'm rich! I'm rich! I'll pack our bags.
Maybe we can get a place close to the Reagans.
Did I ever tell you folks how much I like visiting? Hold on, now.
Hold on.
Now look even if I do get this job, nothing changes.
This is our home and this community is a part of our family.
And I'll never turn my back on it.
We had some good times in this old place.
We sure did, baby.
Our roots are here.
This is where we started our family.
Man, I wonder if that divorced lady still live here? She probably like 127 or something y eah, and we made some very good friends here.
But we haven't fulfilled our commitment to them or to this place.
Look, you know, Uncle Phil, I think I will come back you know, next weekend.
Hook up with my man Noah, set up a schedule.
Yes, I think I'll hook up with Simone and make out a little schedule of my own.
I'm going to go sign up for next week.
So, the house will be empty next week? Great! I'm going to plan a party.
I guess you're really disappointed in me, huh, Vivian?
Why?
'Cause I sold out.
Did everything I said I wouldn't do.
Became a high-powered lawyer bought that house in Bel-Air, and never looked back.
Philip, honey, you shouldn't feel guilty about your success.
Baby, nobody gave you anything.
You have worked hard for everything you've got.
You've been generous and you've contributed to a lot of causes.
It takes more than just writing a check.
I've lost myself, I've lost my fire, my passion.
You're right, Vivian, I have become dull and predictable.
Philip.
I want to be the kind of man you fell in love with.
I want to be open to risks, I want to take chances.
Oh, Philip, do you mean it? Do you? I'm afraid it's too late.
I've chased you away.
Philip, what are you talking about? I know where you were yesterday.
You're having an affair.
I don't blame you, I'm just going to kill you.
Oh, no, is that where you thought I was yesterday? What? You mean, you weren't with another man?
Of course not.
Lucky for you.
Philip, I was afraid to tell you because I didn't think you could take it.
You didn't think I could take it.
No.
But now I know you can.
Philip, I was at the doctor's yesterday.
The doctor's! Philip, I'm pregnant! So you're not working out of a little storefront anymore? Well, no, my office has gotten a little bit bigger and I only And, it's pretty good.
Hold it!
Oh, you don't say.
That's all right.
Yeah.
Stuttering.
Bad word! 

