Hey, hey.
Look.
Y'all will never guess what I got here.
All right, all right.
Don't tell me.
A rabbit.
Yeah.
I'm really good at this.
Ha-ha.
This is Nicky's Easter present.
Oh, he'll love it.
Aww.
Oh, look at the little lumpy bumpy bunny wunny.
This little guy brings back memories.
He reminds me of my rabbit, Snowball.
What? You had a rabbit? Oh, yeah.
I'll never forget how upset I was the day Snowball disappeared.
But I was okay once Dad explained Snowball's mommy and daddy had to take her back to their hutch because they were so Ionely without her.
I remember.
That was the Easter Grandma Hattie came over and made that secret stew.
What was that? I don't know.
I don't remember.
Of course, you do.
It tasted like chicken but it wasn't.
Hilary.
Oh, my God.
I remember that stew.
It was delicious.
Geoffrey, you gotta make that stew.
Don't tempt me.
  Tell old pharaoh Let my people go  Tell old pharaoh Let my cousin grow Carlton, give it up.
Reverend Sims is gonna give me the Easter solo, not you.
 Ha-ha.
Oh, well.
I'm gonna put my golf clubs away, okay?
Alrighty.
Hello, Reverend Sims.
Did you have a good golf game?
Well
And that is a lovely golf shirt.
Why, thank you, Ashley.
Would you look at that? Shameful sucking up.
Oh, Carlton, hey.
I really wanna thank you for that lovely sweater you sent me.
But you know that Choirmaster Hawkins makes the final decision on who sings that Easter solo.
Oh.
I knew that.
Great, now I'm gonna have to buy another sweater.
What's going on?
All right, Will.
Well, I'm gonna go upstairs and practice.
All right.
So, Will, I haven't seen you at the church lately.
Oh, I be in the back.
Hey, Aunt Viv.
Vivian.
Gordon, how are you? I'm so glad you stopped in.
I baked you a sweet potato pie.
What's the occasion? Thanking you for getting the children so involved in Church activities.
Bringing the families back to Church is always a priority of mine.
And since Margaret passed, it really helps to fill the void.
Maybe you could help me with Will.
Yes, Will, sure would be nice to see you down at the church.
Oh.
Yeah, Rev, you know, Sunday's kind of a bad day for me, you know what with Saturday usually being a late-night night you know what I'm talking about? But I tell you what, y'all get something kicked off on a Tuesday, I'm there.
As a matter of fact, your aunt is coming by to finish up work on the fundraiser for the new youth center tomorrow.
So why don't you come on by and help decorate the church for Easter? Shoo.
Tomorrow, gosh.
Man.
You know, any other day but tomorrow I could've done it, you know.
Even yesterday.
Even yesterday.
But Pbbt.
Well, that's really too bad.
You know, the ladies would love having a strong young man around there to help them out.
Ladies?
Ladies.
There's gonna be some honeys up in there?
I can guarantee at least a couple honeys.
Heh.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Come on down there and I get myself a little sticky, you know what I'm talking You know.
You know what I'm saying.
You know, because honey is sticky.
You know.
Ladies, here I go, let the decorating begin.
Oh, this nice young man has come here to help us.
My, what a handsome devil.
And I feel kind of devilish.
Whoo! Oh! Oh.
Oh, man.
Oh, I got a page.
Oh, it's 911.
Tupac just got arrested again.
I need to go.
I didn't hear any pager.
Oh, um Well, this is the kind that vibrates.
I didn't see your hip vibrating.
Wish I had though.
So, Will, how are things going with the decorating committee? Not too bad.
Except for all them old ladies down there pinching my cheeks.
Well, Will, that's the way old ladies are.
They see a young man with a cute face, they love to pinch his cheeks.
I ain't talking about my face.
I love Harry.
I'm gonna keep him forever.
Yeah, unless Grandma Hattie pulls another Fatal Attraction.
Will.
I'm gonna keep him happy and healthy.
Well, if that's the case, man, you gotta work him out.
I mean, even rabbits need exercise.
You gotta teach him, like, some aerabbits.
 Rock, rock the rabbit, rock Don't stop   There are certain responsibilities that go along with having a pet.
You have to feed him, wash him, clean up his mess.
Just don't expect a thank you.
Hey.
Hey, stop playing, Verna.
Ain't nobody that nearsighted.
Hey.
How y'all doing? Hey, let me tell you, your cookies are really, really good.
He's only saying that.
The only ones he really like are mine.
Your cookies suck.
Well, suck this.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Stop, stop it.
Stop.
Rose.
Would y'all stop? Rose, stop it.
Stop it.
I ain't playing.
Rose.
I ain't playing, all right? I ain't playing.
Now stop it.
Come on, y'all.
We got a lot of work to do here.
Who wants to hold the ladder while I put up this banner?
I'm gonna do it.
No.
I wanna do it.
Hey, listen, you both can hold the ladder for me.
Will, you're doing a great job.
We really appreciate it.
You know, it does feel good to give something back to the communit  Hey.

was blind But now I see Thank you.
Ashley, that was very good.
Thanks.
Nice try.
Now watch how it's done.
 Make a note.
Unruly.
 Michael, row your boat ashore Hallelujah Michael, row your boat ashore Hallelujah Hit it.
Sister, help to trim the sail, Hallelujah Sister, help to trim the sail, Hallelujah The river is deep, the river is wide Hallelujah Milk and honey on the other side Hallelu-lu-lu-lu-lu-jah Michael, row.
Row that boat ashore.
Gordon, can you believe we're almost done? You have done such a wonderful job for the children.
No, no.
We have done a wonderful job.
Vivian, I would have been lost without you.
Well, it's easy to get people to donate when it's for a man of your reputation.
You know, I haven't enjoyed working so closely with someone in a long, long time.
I've loved working with you too.
It's a shame it's all over.
It doesn't have to be.
What? Vivian, I've always been in love with you.
Hey, Aunt Viv.
Hi, honey.
You okay?
Sure, I'm okay.
Why wouldn't I be okay? Well, first of all, because you seasoning the chicken with cleanser.
Look, I saw what happened down at the church.
Will, I don't know what to do.
I don't know whether to tell Philip or not.
If I tell him, he's gonna be furious.
This whole thing doesn't make any sense.
 Makes sense to me.
Look like the Rev's trying to get his hallelujah on.
Honey, he's an old friend of the family's, and he's close with your uncle.
My God, why did he have to do this?  Hey! Whoo-hoo! Uncle Phil, what's going on, man? Oh, man, what's going on, boy? Shoot.
Hey.
I was asking you what's going on because there ain't nothing going on in here.
There's nothing going I wanted to know with you.
Did you have something going on? Because we don't have any.
 Oh Vivian, could you have Geoffrey put out an extra plate tonight? I've invited Reverend Sims for dinner.
You can't.
Uh Ain't enough chicken.
I mean, there's too much chicken.
You know what they say about ministers.
You know, they will eat and eat and eat until they die.
Yeah.
They're like goldfish.
You are a very odd young man.
One, two, one, two.
Come on, Harry, give me another one.
 Be all that you can be I'm gonna get you some lettuce, Harry.
You stay right here.
    Uh NICKY: Harry, I'm coming.
Oh.
Where's Harry? Uh He went upstairs, boom, two steps at a time.
I guess he was really hungry.
Where's his box?
He took it with him.
Because he knew it didn't belong down here, he put it away.
But if he was hungry, why didn't he just come in the kitchen? Nicky, he's just a rabbit.
Harry.
Come here, boy.
Come here, Harry.
I need you to go to a pet shop, find a rabbit that looks just like Harry.
But I don't have the time, Daddy.
Please.
I don't feel like it.
And get yourself some shoes.
Bye, Daddy.
Hey, Uncle Phil.
Oh, Will, something terrible has happened.
I know.
I didn't mean to kill him.
What? What? Uncle Phil, you killed him?
Oh, my God.
Does anybody know?
Hilary may suspect.
She came in right after it happened.
I mean, it was an accident.
Okay, good.
Good.
You said that like you really believed it.
It was an accident, Will.
Hey, hey, man, I'm not the one you gotta convince.
Nicky is gonna be very upset.
What? I think Nicky is the least of your worries.
Okay.
All right.
All right.
Uncle Phil, go upstairs, pack a bag.
I'm gonna get the car.
We gonna shoot down to Tijuana.
We gonna chill in Mexico, this whole thing blows over.
Will, they don't arrest you for sitting on a rabbit.
You killed Harry.
Yeah.
You killed Harry.
Ah! That's great, man.
You killed Harry.
Oh.
Will, who did you think I killed? I thought you killed Harry.
Nicky.
Nicky.
Hey, buddy.
Hey, buddy.
I still can't find Harry.
Oh, he'll show up.
Hey, hey.
Did you get the rabbit?
Yeah, but, l Nicky, good news.
Hilary found Harry.
Heh-heh.
It was all they had.

Here you are, sweetheart.
Oh, thank you, Uncle Phil.
 Gordon, you are gonna love Vivian's chicken.
Heh-heh.
Would you prefer a breast or thigh? Uh! He'll take a wing.
Reverend, by any chance, did you happen to speak to the choirmaster today? From what I understand, there's some very, very stiff competition for the solo this year.
Well, would he ever ask you for your advice? Well, that's a possibility.
Would you mind  passing the peas, please?   Could you pass the pork dork? So how are things down at the church?
Fine.
Yes, fine.
 I could use another boiled potato, please Thank you Would you excuse me for a minute, please? I can't wait to hear this year's Easter sermon.
Last year's was very inspiring.
Yeah, you might wanna cover all the commandments this year.
Vivian, I need to talk to you.
Why don't you go in and finish your dinner?
Vivian, I am sorry about what happened.
It was a mistake.
It certainly was.
Look, I haven't spent much time with a woman since Margaret passed.
I guess I got confused, I lost my way.
I realize there is no excuse for it, but
You're right, there is no excuse.
Gordon, this is really making me uncomfortable.
Well, maybe it's best if I just leave.
I think that's a good idea.
 Where's Gordon going? Oh, an emergency came up.
He told me to say goodbye to everybody.
Let's go have a nice dinner.
Are you all right? Yes, honey, I'm all right now.
Daddy, you know how you told me that Harry's black now because rabbits change colors for Easter? Isn't there a little more to that story? Well, yes.
Uh Nicky, you remember in The Lion King when Mufasa? Daddy, did you sit on Harry?
Yes.
But But
That's okay, Dad.
Death is a natural part of life.
But what a way to go.
And as it says in Matthew: "If a man has 100 sheep and one strays does he not leave the 99 on the mountain to search for the stray one?"
Yes, sir.
Oh, yes.
"And if he finds it, he is happy over finding that one than over the 99 that did not stray.
" MAN 1: Glory.
Tell the truth now, pastor.
Well, you see, the truth is I am one of the flock.
And every now and then I too must ask for forgiveness, as we all do.
MAN 2: Oh, yes.
That's right.
And I can only pray that the Lord and those I have offended will forgive me.
MAN 3: Okay, now.
MAN 4: Amen.
SIMS: "For if you forgive men for their transgressions your Heavenly Father will also forgive you.
" CROWD: Amen.
MAN 5: That's right.
Amen.
Amen.
Now I am proud to present this year's Easter hymn.
Now, traditionally, the Easter hymn is a showcase for one voice.
However, this year, I'm proud to announce that we have a duo.
Oh, yes.
WOMAN: Yes, we do.
I want you all to please help me welcome Ashley and Carlton Banks.
Yes, hallelujah.
Yes.
Praise the Lord.
BOTH : This little light of mine I'm gonna let it shine
This little light of mine
This little light of mine CHOIR: I'm gonna let it shine
This little light of mine
This little light of mine I'm gonna let it shine Let it shine, let it shine, let it shine
Everywhere I go
Everywhere I go Ooh
Everywhere I go
Everywhere I go Ooh
Everywhere I go
Everywhere I go I'm gonna let it shine Let it shine, let it shine, let it shine This little light of mine I'm gonna let it shine Oh This little light of mine I'm gonna let it shine Oh
This little light of mine
This little light of mine ALL: I'm gonna let it shine Let it shine, let shine, let it shine This little light of mine I'm gonna let it shine Oh This little light of mine I'm gonna let it shine This little light of mine I'm gonna let it shine Let it shine, let it shine, let it shine 

